Title: THE CURSE OF HOLLOW'S END
Author: Adventure Designer
Description: A Gothic horror adventure where you must lift the curse that plagues Hollow's End by confronting the vengeful spirit of the Widow and uncovering the dark secrets of the Hollow family.
Initial SKILL: 8
Initial STAMINA: 20
Initial LUCK: 9


Section 0: Background


Two hundred and forty-two years ago, on what should have been the happiest day of her life, Eliza Hollow was betrayed by her own family. Her father, Mordecai Hollow, murdered her beloved Thomas Ashford during their wedding ceremony and used forbidden necromancy to bind Eliza's spirit in eternal torment.


For generations, the Hollow family lived in fear as the curse grew stronger. Now the binding has finally broken, and the Widow has risen with an army of undead. The village of Hollow's End stands on the brink of destruction.


You are an adventurer who has answered Mayor Aldric Hollow's desperate call for help. Can you discover the Widow's true name, obtain the {item: Silver Key | type=key}, and bind her spirit before midnight strikes? The fate of Hollow's End rests in your hands.




Section 1


You stand at the entrance to Hollow's End as twilight deepens into true night, watching the last vestiges of daylight abandon this forsaken place to whatever horrors the darkness will bring. The transition from day to night feels faster here, more absolute, as if the sun itself is fleeing from what it knows lurks in the shadows. 


A weathered wooden sign marks the village boundary. The paint is peeling, the wood rotting from years of neglect, but you can still make out the faded letters: "HOLLOW'S END — POP. 247" 


Someone has scratched through the number with what looks disturbingly like dried blood, writing below: "232 and falling." 


The wind carries with it the scent of decay and turned earth. In the distance, you hear something that might be moaning... or might just be the wind itself moving through the abandoned buildings. It's impossible to tell, and somehow that uncertainty is worse than knowing. 


Three paths lie before you, each leading into the gathering gloom: 


To the left: A ramshackle tavern hunches against the growing darkness like a wounded animal seeking shelter. A swinging sign reads "The Weeping Willow" in faded gold letters that catch the last rays of dying light. Warm yellow light flickers in the windows—an inviting beacon in this dead village. Through the dusty glass, you can see shadows moving inside. Perhaps someone there has information about the curse. Perhaps they have ale to steady your nerves for what's to come. Or perhaps something darker waits behind that welcoming facade. 


Straight ahead: The cemetery gates stand twisted and torn open, as if something of immense strength had burst through from the inside out. The iron bars are bent outward at impossible angles, and deep gouges score the metal—claw marks from something that should not exist. Even from here, you can see fresh graves lying exposed, their earth disturbed, their wooden markers toppled, their occupants missing. The very heart of the curse, no doubt, and perhaps the quickest way to confront whatever evil plagues this place. But also the most dangerous. 


To the right: The Mayor's manor dominates the village square—a grand three-story building that must have been magnificent once but now looks haunted even before true darkness falls. Its windows are dark except for a few where candlelight flickers weakly, as if afraid to shine too brightly. You can see figures moving behind curtains, hurried and furtive. This is where Mayor Aldric Hollow lives, the man who sent the desperate call for help that brought you here. He will have information, resources, and perhaps the key to understanding the curse that stems from his own family's sins. 


Each path offers different opportunities and different dangers. The choice is yours, but choose wisely—your first decision may determine whether you live or die in the hours ahead. 


{choice: 45 | enter the Weeping Willow tavern}


{choice: 127 | investigate the cemetery}


{choice: 234 | visit Mayor Hollow's manor}


Section 2


You drink the mysterious liquid without hesitation, hoping it might be some sort of healing potion or protective elixir. The moment the vile concoction touches your lips, you realize your terrible mistake. 


The taste is indescribable—bitter as poison, thick as mud, with an underlying sweetness that makes your stomach revolt. Your vision blurs immediately, the room spinning sickeningly around you as if reality itself is becoming unmoored. Your limbs grow heavy as lead, refusing to respond to your desperate commands. The liquid burns down your throat like liquid fire, and you can feel it spreading through your body like corruption through healthy flesh. 


Your knees buckle. You try to cry out but your tongue has gone numb. Colors bleed together, sounds become distorted, and you feel yourself falling, falling, falling... 


When your vision finally clears and the world stops spinning, you find yourself on your hands and knees, gasping for breath. Your body feels weaker, your mind sluggish, your reflexes dulled. Whatever that substance was, it was certainly not meant for consumption—at least not by the living. 


{action: -2 skill | Your skill is reduced} and your STAMINA by 4. 


Your head pounds with agony as you struggle to remain conscious. You've survived the poisoning, but you're significantly weakened. Every movement requires conscious effort, and you can feel the toxin still coursing through your veins, making your muscles ache and your thoughts   
fuzzy. 


Shaken and diminished, you force yourself to your feet and continue. 


{choice: 78 | Continue}
Section 3


The cultist falls with a final gurgling breath, his hooded face hitting the stone floor with a wet thump. His eyes glaze over as whatever dark light animated them fades into nothingness. For a moment, his body twitches as if something is trying to escape it, then lies still. 


You search his corpse carefully, trying not to think about the still-warm blood soaking into your hands. Hidden in the folds of his dark robes, you find a {item: Brass Key | type=key} with strange symbols etched into its surface—symbols that seem to writhe and shift when you're not looking directly at them. The metal is cold to the touch, unnaturally cold, as if it's been lying in ice rather than against warm flesh. 


There's also a crumpled note clutched in his other hand, written in a hasty, almost panicked scrawl. The ink is fresh, the paper trembling slightly in your grip as if it too carries some residual dark energy: 


"The Wight awakens at midnight in the eastern chamber. Feed it the girl's blood to complete the ritual. The Widow will rise at her full power, and her vengeance will be complete. Hollow's End will fall, and we shall be rewarded beyond measure. Our master's will be done." 


The note is unsigned, but the implications are chilling. Somewhere in these catacombs or in the village above, cultists are planning to sacrifice an innocent girl to further empower the curse. A Wight awaits. And midnight is the deadline. 


Add the {item: Brass Key | type=key} to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 180 | Continue}
Section 4


INSTANT DEATH! 


The floor collapses beneath you without the slightest warning. One moment you're standing on what appears to be solid stone, the next you're plummeting into darkness as ancient wood and rotted supports finally succumb to time and weight. 


Your arms flail uselessly, fingers grasping at empty air. A scream tears from your throat, echoing in the void as you fall into the blackness below. 


Then you see them—rusted iron spikes rising from the pit floor like the teeth of some monstrous beast, dozens of them, their points dulled by time but still more than sharp enough to pierce flesh and bone. 


You land with a sickening crunch. The spikes punch through your armor, through flesh and muscle and bone, pinning you like an insect in a collector's case. Pain explodes through your body—white-hot agony that makes thought impossible. 


Your vision darkens at the edges. The pain becomes distant. You can hear your heartbeat slowing... slowing... stopping... 


Your adventure ends here, impaled in a forgotten trap. Your body will never be found. The curse continues, and Hollow's End remains doomed. 


THE END


Section 5


The door opens with a shriek of tortured metal that echoes through the chamber like the cry of a damned soul. The sound sets your teeth on edge and sends shivers racing down your spine. Rust rains down from the hinges as they move for the first time in decades—perhaps centuries. 


Inside, the chamber is dominated by a massive stone sarcophagus covered in warning runes carved deep into the ancient stone. Heavy iron chains, now rusted through, lie scattered on the floor, their links broken and useless. 


You approach cautiously, every instinct screaming at you to turn back. But you came here for answers. 


As your shadow falls across the sarcophagus, the massive stone lid suddenly explodes outward with tremendous force! 


Chunks of ancient stone fly past your head. Through the debris and dust, you see a figure rising from within—a Cursed Wight, its flesh dried and mummified but animated by dark magic. Its eyes burn with unholy red fire. This is not a mindless zombie—this is an undead creature of immense power and malevolent cunning. 


The Wight opens its desiccated mouth in a soundless scream of eternal rage and lunges forward! 


{combat: CURSED WIGHT | skill=8 | stamina=12}
Special Ability - Life Drain: Each time this creature wounds you, it permanently reduces your maximum STAMINA by 1. This damage cannot be healed by any means—your life essence is literally being drained away. 


If you defeat the Wight: The creature collapses with a final, soundless scream, its mummified form crumbling to dust and ancient bones. As the dark magic dissipates, you can breathe easier. {choice: 94 | search the chamber for treasures and information.}


If you wish to flee: {choice: 221 | Continue}
Section 6


Your survival instincts scream at you to hide, and you quickly duck into a shadowed alcove, pressing yourself flat against the cold stone wall and trying to quiet your breathing. Your heart hammers in your chest so loudly you're certain it will give you away. 


The darkness embraces you like a cold shroud as you watch and wait. 


Moments later, two robed cultists pass by your hiding spot. They're discussing something in low, urgent tones: 


"The ritual proceeds according to plan," one says. "By midnight tonight, the Widow will have her sacrifice. Her chains will be broken completely, and her full power will be unleashed." 


"The master grows impatient," the other responds nervously. "We must not fail. If the binding is not broken completely by midnight..." "It will be broken," the first interrupts. "We have the girl. We have the ritual components. Nothing can stop us now." Their voices fade as they move past. 


Test your Luck. 


If you are Lucky: They don't sense your presence. Once their footsteps fade, you emerge undetected. Turn to 155. If you are Unlucky: The second cultist pauses. "Did you hear something?" They begin to turn back. You've been detected! {choice: 89 | Continue}
Section 7


The rope snaps with a sharp crack that echoes through the chamber! For a heart-stopping moment, you're suspended in mid-air. Then gravity takes hold, and you plummet into the darkness below. 


Your stomach lurches. Your arms windmill desperately. A scream tears from your throat—primal and terrified. 


Roll one die: 


On 1-3: You hit the stone floor hard, the impact driving the breath from your lungs. At the last instant, you catch a narrow ledge that breaks your fall just enough to save your life. {action: -6 stamina | You lose stamina}. Bruised and bleeding, you drag yourself to safety. {choice: 156 | Continue}
On 4-6: Your fall ends in disaster. {choice: 4 | Continue}
Section 8


Your careful searching reveals a hidden cache behind a loose stone! Someone has stashed valuable items here. Inside, wrapped in oil cloth, you find: 


{item: 30 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} 


2 {item: Healing Potion | type=potion | restore=+4 stamina} 


A rusty {item: Iron Key | type=key} 


Add these items to your Adventure Sheet. 


Fortune smiles upon you. These items could prove invaluable in the challenges ahead. 


{choice: 111 | Continue}
Section 9


The Ghost's wail pierces your skull like a spike of ice! 


The sound is inhuman, impossible, fundamentally wrong. It's the sound of pure anguish given voice, of rage and despair mixed into something that shouldn't exist. The frequency resonates with your bones, making your teeth ache. You can feel it in your chest, vibrating through your body. 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: The wail fades after what feels like an eternity. Your ears ring but you're fundamentally intact. {choice: 335 | Continue}
If Unlucky: The Ghost's wail tears at your very essence. Permanently {action: -2 skill | Your skill is reduced} and your STAMINA by 4. You collapse, feeling as though part of your soul has been devoured. {choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 10


You manage to sneak past the undead guardians successfully, moving with careful, silent steps. Your heart pounds like a war drum, but your breathing remains controlled. 


The guardians pass within inches of where you hide, pressed against the cold stone wall. You can smell them—the dry, dusty scent of ancient bones, or the cold, ozone-tinged aroma of spectral energy. 


They don't detect your presence. Once their footsteps fade, you dare to breathe normally again. Relief washes over you. Beyond the guardians, the passage splits into three separate ways, each leading into darkness. 


{choice: 111 | Continue}
Section 11


The bartender's eyes go completely black like pools of ink, spreading from pupil to sclera in an unnatural wave. His unnaturally wide smile drops, replaced by a snarl that reveals teeth far too sharp to be human. 


"You shouldn't have come here," he says, but the voice is wrong—layered, as if multiple throats speak at once. His form begins to ripple like water, skin flowing and shifting as his true nature reveals itself. 


This is no human bartender. It's something far worse—a shapeshifter, a doppelganger, a creature that wears human faces like masks and disposes of them just as easily. 


{choice: 78 | Continue}
Section 12


You drink the healing potion quickly, feeling its magic course through your body like liquid warmth spreading through your veins. The sensation is pleasant, almost euphoric—the polar opposite of the cold darkness that seems to permeate this cursed place. 


The wounds on your body close before your eyes, flesh knitting together, blood ceasing to flow. Bruises fade from purple and black to yellow to healthy flesh tones in seconds. The exhaustion that had been weighing on your limbs like lead chains lifts away, replaced by renewed vigor and strength. 


{action: +4 stamina | You restore stamina} points (maximum of your Initial STAMINA). 


You take a deep breath, flex your fingers, roll your shoulders. The potion has done its work well. You feel refreshed, rejuvenated, ready to face whatever horrors await in the darkness ahead. 


{choice: 234 | Continue}
Section 13


The door before you is heavily reinforced with iron bands, and you can hear something moving on the other side—a shuffling, scraping sound that makes your skin crawl. The wood is scored with what look like claw marks from the inside, as if whatever is imprisoned here has spent years, perhaps decades, trying to escape. 


The scratches are deep, gouged into the thick oak by something with immense strength and even greater desperation. Some of the marks look recent, the wood pale where it's been torn. Others are old, darkened with age and possibly blood. 


Do you have the {item: Brass Key | type=key} inscribed with strange symbols? 


If yes: The key fits the lock perfectly. You hear a satisfying click, and with effort, you push the heavy door open. Beyond lies a chamber that makes your blood run cold. {choice: 5 | Continue}
If no: The door remains sealed, and you have no means of opening it. Whatever lurks behind it will have to remain a mystery—or perhaps a blessing. {choice: 221 | Continue}
Section 14


You find a hidden compartment cunningly concealed within the altar's base, so well-crafted that only the most thorough search would reveal it. Your fingers trace the edges of what appears to be solid stone until you find the tiny catch that releases the hidden panel. 


Inside, protected by wax sealing and wrapped in ancient silk that crumbles at your touch, lies a scroll written in elegant but faded script. The parchment is old—centuries old—but the ink has been preserved by the wax and silk wrapping. Your hands tremble slightly as you unroll it and read the words that could change everything: 


"Let it be known to any who seek to bind the vengeful spirit: The Widow's true name, hidden from all but those who dare to search the darkest places, is ELIZA HOLLOW. Speak this name with authority and proper binding, and her power may be contained. But beware—to speak her name is to draw her attention. Be certain you are prepared to face her wrath before you invoke it." 


This is crucial information! The Widow's true name is one of the three critical items needed for victory. Without it, you cannot properly bind her spirit. Add "Widow's True Name: ELIZA HOLLOW" to your Adventure Sheet. 


You carefully memorize the name, speaking it silently to yourself several times to ensure it's burned into your memory: Eliza Hollow. Eliza Hollow. ELIZA HOLLOW. 


{choice: 245 | Continue}
Section 15


A Zombie lurches from the shadows without warning, its rotting hand clamping around your ankle with surprising strength! The flesh is cold and slimy, already beginning to slough off the bone, but the grip is like iron. You can feel the unnatural power animating this corpse—it's far stronger than any dead thing has a right to be. 


The Zombie's face is a nightmare of decay—skin hanging in strips, one eye missing from its socket, jaw hanging askew where the tendons have rotted through. Yet it moves with terrible purpose, dragging itself toward you with single-minded hunger. 


The stench is overwhelming—rot and death and something worse, something unnatural. Your stomach heaves, but there's no time for weakness. This creature means to drag you down, to tear you apart with teeth and broken fingernails, to add you to the army of the undead. 


There's no time to flee, no room to maneuver. You must fight! 


{combat: ZOMBIE | skill=5 | stamina=6}
Special Rule: You cannot flee from this combat once it begins. The Zombie has hold of your ankle and won't release until one of you is destroyed. Fight for your life! 


If you win: {choice: 189 | Continue}
Section 16


You hold up the {item: Cult Medallion | type=other} boldly, stepping into the chamber with false confidence. The medallion is cold against your palm, its weight somehow heavier than mere metal should be. The symbols etched into its surface seem to pulse with a faint, sickly light. 


"Brothers," you announce in a steady voice, trying to sound like you belong here, like you've been part of this dark fellowship for years rather than minutes. "I've come from the eastern catacombs with news from our dark master." 


The cultists turn toward you as one, their hooded faces impossible to read in the flickering candlelight. For a terrible moment—a moment that seems to stretch into eternity—you think they see through your deception. You imagine them drawing hidden daggers, imagine them crying out in alarm, imagine the ritual being interrupted not to save the girl but to sacrifice you instead. 


Then the nearest cultist nods slowly, the movement almost reverent. 


"Welcome, brother," he intones in a voice thick with dark fervor. "Your timing is fortuitous. The ritual proceeds as planned. The Widow will rise at the stroke of midnight, and her vengeance will finally be complete. Hollow's End will become the first of many—a spreading darkness that will consume the world of the living." 


The other cultists murmur agreement, their attention returning to their dark work. You've been accepted, at least for now. Moving carefully, maintaining your disguise, you edge closer to the ritual circle, listening to every word of their plans. 


The information you overhear could mean the difference between saving this village and watching it fall to eternal darkness. {choice: 245 | Continue}
Section 17


The passage ahead narrows dramatically, the walls pressing in from both sides until you can barely fit through. The ceiling lowers as well, forcing you to hunch forward, then to crouch, then finally to crawl on hands and knees. The air grows thick and stale, heavy with the weight of earth and stone pressing down from above. 


Claustrophobia claws at your mind. What if you get stuck? What if the walls close in further? What if the ceiling collapses? You can feel the weight of the entire cemetery, perhaps the entire village, pressing down on this fragile tunnel. 


Your armor scrapes against the stone walls with sounds that seem impossibly loud in the confined space. Each inch forward requires effort, your shoulders barely fitting through gaps that seem to shrink with every passing moment. 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: You manage to squeeze through the tight space, though it takes several minutes of careful maneuvering and more than a few moments of panic. Your armor scrapes against stone with sounds that set your teeth on edge, but you emerge on the other side, gasping with relief. {choice: 155 | Continue}
If Unlucky: You become stuck halfway through! Panic rises in your throat as you realize you can't move forward or backward. The walls seem to press in, the ceiling seems to lower. You struggle desperately, using precious energy, injuring yourself against the unforgiving stone. {action: -2 stamina | You lose stamina} from scrapes, bruises, and exhaustion. Finally, after what feels like hours but is probably only minutes, you manage to work yourself free and continue, your confidence shaken. {choice: 221 | Continue}
Section 18


A spectral hand, translucent and glowing with unnatural blue light, passes directly through your chest! 


The sensation is beyond description—icy cold that penetrates to your very core, as if someone has wrapped frozen fingers around your heart and squeezed. You stagger back, gasping, unable to breathe, unable to think, unable to do anything but experience the violation of having something from beyond death reach inside your living body. 


The cold spreads from your chest outward, flowing through your veins like ice water, making your fingers numb, your toes numb, your face numb. For a terrible moment, you think you're going to die—that your heart will simply stop, frozen by this supernatural touch. 


Then the hand withdraws, pulling back through your chest as if your flesh and bone were nothing but mist. The immediate cold fades, but something worse remains—a lingering chill in your core, a weakness in your limbs, a fog in your mind that wasn't there before. 


The ghostly attack has taken its toll on your very essence, draining away part of what makes you alive, part of what makes you strong. Permanently {action: -3 stamina | You lose stamina} and 1 SKILL. 


These attributes are reduced from both your current AND maximum scores. Mark this carefully on your Adventure Sheet. Even if you find healing, even if you rest, this damage cannot be undone. The ghost has stolen part of your life force, and it's gone forever. 


Shaken to your core, literally and figuratively, you force yourself to continue forward, feeling diminished in ways you can't quite articulate. {choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 19


You find the real bartender in the cellar, bound with thick ropes and gagged with a cloth that's been tied so tight it's cut into the corners of his mouth. His eyes are wide with terror, rimmed red from crying or lack of sleep or both. When he sees you descending the stairs—a living, breathing human being rather than the monster that's been wearing his face—relief floods his features so completely that tears begin streaming down his cheeks. 


You quickly cut him free with your blade. His hands are numb from the tight bonds, and he gasps as circulation returns, painful but necessary. He tears the gag from his mouth, spitting and coughing. 


"Thank the gods! Thank every god that ever was!" His voice is hoarse from disuse and dehydration. "That... that thing replaced me two nights ago. I've been trapped down here, listening to it upstairs, serving customers, pretending to be me. It's been watching the mayor's house, reporting to someone in the catacombs. I heard it talking to... to things that shouldn't exist." 


He staggers to his feet on unsteady legs, then reaches into a hidden alcove you hadn't noticed. "Take this—it's all I have saved. You'll need it more than me if you're going to face what's out there." 


Inside a small chest, you find: 


{item: 50 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} 


1 {item: Healing Potion | type=potion | restore=+4 stamina}


Add these to your Adventure Sheet.   
"The mayor," the bartender continues, gripping your arm with surprising strength despite his ordeal. "Mayor Hollow knows more about all this. It's connected to his family's past, to something terrible that happened generations ago. And there are cultists—robed figures moving through the village after dark, heading to catacombs beneath the cemetery." 


He shudders, wrapping his arms around himself. "Please. Whatever you're here to do, do it quickly. Before we all end up like those poor souls in the graveyard—dead but not resting." 


{choice: 234 | visit the mayor}


{choice: 127 | investigate the cemetery}


Section 20


The ancient bridge before you is a death trap waiting to spring. The wood is rotten and treacherous, its planks slick with moss and moisture that never fully dries in this lightless place. The ropes that once held it secure have frayed to the point where individual fibers are visible, ready to snap at the slightest stress. 


Below, you can't see the bottom—just darkness that seems to go down forever, with the faint sound of water running far, far below. How far would you fall? Twenty feet? Fifty? A hundred? And what waits at the bottom—water to break your fall, or rocks to break your body? 


The bridge groans ominously as you step onto it, the sound like an old man crying out in pain. Each plank bends under your weight, and you can feel the structure shifting, settling, threatening to collapse entirely. 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: The bridge holds, though every step is a prayer and every sound makes your heart skip a beat. The wood creaks and complains but maintains its integrity just long enough for you to cross to the other side. You step onto solid ground with weak knees and a racing heart, grateful to have survived. {choice: 155 | Continue}
If Unlucky: {choice: 7 | Continue}
Section 21


You sit down at a table and consume one of your precious Provisions, taking the time to actually taste the food and rest your weary body. The simple act of eating something that isn't soaked in blood or touched by death feels almost sacred in this place of horror. 


The food is plain—dried meat, hard bread, a bit of cheese that's starting to go soft—but it tastes like the finest feast. Your body craves the sustenance, and as you eat, you can feel strength returning to your limbs, clarity returning to your thoughts. 


{action: +4 stamina | You restore stamina} (maximum of your Initial STAMINA). 


Cross off one Provision from your Adventure Sheet. 


You take a moment to catch your breath, to let your muscles relax, to remind yourself why you're doing this—to save innocent people from a fate worse than death. The brief rest fortifies not just your body but your resolve. 


When you finish eating, you wipe your mouth, stretch your aching muscles, and prepare to continue your quest. {choice: 127 | Continue}
Section 22


The Ghoul's claws rake across your arm, and where they touch, your flesh goes numb almost instantly. The paralysis spreads from the wound like poison, making your fingers tingle, your hand go weak, your entire arm feel heavy and unresponsive. 


This is no ordinary wound—the Ghoul's touch carries a supernatural paralytic agent, something that affects not just flesh but nerves, not just body but the signals that tell your body how to move. 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: You manage to resist the worst of the paralysis through sheer force of will. Your arm remains functional, though it tingles unpleasantly and feels weaker than before. You can still fight effectively. {choice: 298 | Continue}
If Unlucky: The paralysis takes hold, and you feel your combat effectiveness plummet. {action: -1 skill | Your skill is reduced} for the duration of this combat as you struggle to fight with reduced mobility and strength. Your movements are slower, your strikes less accurate, your defense compromised. {choice: 298 | Continue}
Section 23


Your keen eyes spot something the casual observer would miss—a narrow opening in the wall, so cunningly concealed that it appears to be nothing more than a natural crack in the stone. But when you press against it, a section of wall swings inward, revealing a secret passage! 


The passage is narrow and dark, with walls that show tool marks from the original excavation. This isn't a natural formation—someone carved this tunnel deliberately, perhaps as an escape route, perhaps to bypass a dangerous section of the catacombs. 


The air that flows from the passage is fresher than the stale, death-tinged atmosphere of the main catacombs. This route must connect to a different section, one that's less traveled by the undead. 


{action: +1 luck | You gain luck} for this fortunate discovery. Sometimes the gods of fortune smile upon the brave. 


You slip into the secret passage, leaving the flooded section behind. The passage winds through the earth, bypassing who knows what dangers, and eventually opens into a different corridor entirely. 


{choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 24


The Mayor's expression shifts from desperate hope to suspicion, his eyes narrowing as he studies you more carefully. His hand moves slowly toward something hidden beneath his desk—a weapon? An alarm bell? 


"How do I know you're not one of them?" he asks, voice tight with fear and paranoia. "How do I know you're not a cultist, or worse—some thrall of the Widow herself, sent to finish what my ancestors started?" 


His question isn't unreasonable. In a village besieged by undead and dark cultists, trust is a luxury no one can afford. 


Do you have the {item: Mayor's Ledger | type=other}—the book you found hidden in the tavern, the one that details payments to the "Hollow Faith" cult and contains incriminating information about his family? 


If you have the {item: Mayor's Ledger | type=other}: You produce the ledger, laying it on his desk. His face goes white as he recognizes it. "Gods above... where did you find this? Father hid this years ago. If you have this, you must have faced real dangers already." He slumps back in his chair, the fight draining out of him. "Forgive me. I had to be certain. Let me help you properly." {choice: 234 | Continue}
If you don't have the ledger: The Mayor's suspicion hardens into conviction. "Get out!" he shouts, his voice cracking with fear and anger. "Get out of my house! I won't let the cult trick me into helping them!" He draws a pistol from beneath his desk, his hand shaking but his aim steady enough. "LEAVE! NOW!" 


You have no choice but to retreat. You've lost a valuable ally, and worse—you can no longer obtain the {item: Silver Key | type=key} that Mayor Hollow possesses, one of the three critical items needed to bind the Widow. 


Without the {item: Silver Key | type=key}, true victory is now impossible. 


Turn to 127 (but know that your quest is severely compromised).


Section 25


You try reasoning with the Widow, stepping forward with your hands raised in a gesture of peace. Perhaps there's some way to reach the human being she once was, some spark of Eliza Hollow that remains beneath the rage and darkness. 


"Eliza," you begin, using her true name carefully. "What was done to you was terrible. Unforgivable. But this—raising the dead, terrorizing the innocent—this isn't justice. This is—" 


"SILENCE!" 


Her scream is so loud, so filled with rage and anguish, that it physically pushes you backward. The temperature in the room plummets. The walls themselves seem to shake with the force of her fury. 


"You DARE speak to me of justice? You, who live and breathe and walk in sunlight while I rotted in chains for TWO HUNDRED AND FORTY-TWO YEARS? You know NOTHING of suffering! NOTHING of injustice! I will teach you! I will teach ALL the living what I endured!" 


Her form expands, growing larger, more terrible. Her face twists into something barely human. And from the shadows around her, three dark shapes detach and rush toward you—Shadows, creatures of pure darkness and hatred, manifestations of the Widow's rage given semi-solid form. 


You must fight all three! 


SHADOW 1 


SKILL 6 STAMINA 4   
SHADOW 2 


SKILL 6 STAMINA 4 


SHADOW 3 


SKILL 5 STAMINA 3 


Special Ability - Strength Drain: Each time a Shadow successfully wounds you, it permanently reduces your SKILL by 1. The Shadows literally drain your combat ability, making each subsequent round harder. 


Fight the Shadows one at a time in the order listed. 


If you defeat all three Shadows: {choice: 395 | Continue}
Section 26


You drink the mysterious potion without hesitation, tipping the vial back and letting the thick liquid flow down your throat. For a moment, nothing happens. Then you feel it—warmth spreading through your body, but it's different from a healing potion. This is something else entirely. 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: The potion is a powerful healing draft! The warmth intensifies, flowing into every injury, every bruised muscle, every strained tendon. {action: +6 stamina | You restore stamina} points (maximum of your Initial STAMINA). You feel rejuvenated, stronger, ready to face whatever challenges lie ahead. {choice: 156 | Continue}
If Unlucky: The warmth turns to burning. Your stomach convulses, and you realize too late that the potion was poisoned—or perhaps simply went bad decades ago. {action: -4 stamina | You lose stamina} as your body tries to expel the toxins. You double over, retching and gasping, feeling weaker than before. The potion was a trap, or perhaps just bad luck. {choice: 156 | Continue}
Section 27


You smash through the door with a powerful kick, putting all your strength and desperation into the blow. The wood splinters around the lock, ancient boards cracking and giving way under the assault. The door flies inward, slamming against the stone wall with a crash that echoes through the chamber. 


Inside, chained to a stone pillar in the center of the room, you find her—Lydia, the Mayor's daughter. She's pale, so pale she looks almost ghostly in the flickering torchlight. Her dress is torn and dirty, her hair matted, her wrists raw and bleeding where the iron manacles have cut into her flesh. 


But she's alive. 


Her eyes fly open at the sound of your entrance, wide with terror until she sees you're not one of her captors. Then hope—desperate, almost painful hope—floods her face. 


"Please," she whispers, her voice hoarse from disuse or screaming or both. "Please help me. They're going to... the ritual... tonight at the manor. They're going to sacrifice me at midnight to complete the Widow's resurrection. I heard them talking. If they succeed, she'll have enough power to spread the curse beyond Hollow's End, to consume entire regions." 


You rush forward, examining her chains. They're secured with a heavy iron lock, but your weapons make short work of it. The chains fall away with a clatter, and Lydia nearly collapses. You catch her, steadying her until she can stand on her own. 


"Thank you," she sobs, clinging to you for a moment. "Thank you. I have to get back to my father. He must be terrified." You help her toward the exit, supporting her weight as she stumbles on legs that haven't walked in days. 


{choice: 245 | Continue}
Section 28


DEAD END. 


The passage ahead has collapsed completely, tons of earth and stone blocking any forward progress. The ceiling shows ominous cracks, suggesting that this cave-in happened recently and that more could follow. Dust still hangs in the air, and small pebbles occasionally fall from above, pattering down like deadly rain. 


You can't proceed this way. Attempting to dig through would take days, even if you had the tools, and would likely bring the entire ceiling down on your head. The unstable nature of the collapse means that even standing here is dangerous. 


You have no choice but to turn back and find another route. The frustration of hitting a dead end weighs on you—time is precious, and every minute wasted is a minute closer to midnight. 


{action: -1 stamina | You lose stamina} from the physical effort of your attempted approach and the stress of the setback. 


Turn back and choose a different path. {choice: 111 | Continue}
Section 29


You remember something you read in a journal or heard from a frightened villager—something about silver being the key to binding the dead. The memory surfaces clearly now, urgent and vital: "Silver binds the dead. Only silver can seal the Widow's power forever." 


The knowledge burns in your mind with the certainty of truth. But knowledge alone isn't enough—you need the actual implement. Do you have the {item: Silver Key | type=key} that Mayor Aldric promised to give you if you rescued his daughter? 


If you have the {item: Silver Key | type=key}: Excellent! You clutch the key tightly, feeling its weight in your hand, its cold metal warming slightly against your skin. This is one of the three critical items needed for victory. With the key, the Widow's true name, and proper timing, you might actually succeed in binding her spirit. {choice: 395 | Continue}
If you don't have the {item: Silver Key | type=key}: Your heart sinks. The knowledge is useless without the tool. You cannot bind the Widow without silver, and without binding her, you cannot end the curse. You're missing one of the three critical items needed for victory. The final confrontation will be far more difficult, perhaps impossible. {choice: 362 | Continue}
Section 30


A Skeleton Warrior blocks your path, its bones held together by dark magic and rusty wire. Unlike the shambling zombies or mindless skeletons you've faced before, this one moves with purpose and intelligence. It wears the remnants of ancient armor and grips a corroded but still-deadly sword in its bony hands. 


As you approach, its skull turns toward you, empty eye sockets somehow still conveying malevolence. The jaw opens and closes in a parody of speech, though no sound emerges—just the click-clack of bone on bone. 


It assumes a combat stance, sword raised, ready to defend this passage to the death—or whatever passes for death when you're already dead. 


{combat: SKELETON WARRIOR | skill=6 | stamina=5}
Special Weakness: If you're wielding a mace or club (crushing weapons), you deal 3 damage instead of the normal 2. Bones shatter more easily under blunt force trauma than they break from cuts. 


Fight the Skeleton Warrior! 


If you win: {choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 31


You climb the stone stairs carefully, one hand on the wall for balance, the other on your weapon. The stairs are worn smooth by centuries of feet, creating shallow depressions in the center of each step. How many people have climbed these stairs over the years? How many descended them never to return? 


The stairs spiral upward through the earth, lit occasionally by guttering torches that cast dancing shadows on the walls. The air grows slightly less oppressive as you climb—not fresh exactly, but less heavy with the stench of death and decay. 


Finally, you emerge into what appears to be the ground floor of the Hollow manor, or perhaps a level just below it. You find yourself in a grand hallway, its walls lined with portraits in ornate frames. But something is wrong with the portraits—every single face has been scratched out, gouged away as if by furious claws. The damage is recent too; you can see pale wood where the painted canvas has been torn. 


Who destroyed these portraits? The Widow herself, in a rage against the Hollow family? Cultists, trying to erase evidence of their identities? Or the portraits' own subjects, unable to bear looking at themselves anymore? 


The hallway stretches in both directions, doors visible at intervals along its length. Somewhere in this manor, the Widow waits. Somewhere here, the final confrontation approaches. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 32


A cultist materializes from the shadows without warning, his approach so silent you don't detect him until he's almost upon you. His face is hidden beneath a deep hood, but his eyes gleam with fanatical fervor in the darkness—the eyes of a true believer, someone who has surrendered all reason and mercy to a dark cause. 


He spots you immediately, and his hand flies to the ceremonial dagger at his belt. 


"Intruder!" he hisses, his voice dripping with hatred. "You dare defile our sacred space! The Widow will feast on your soul!"   
He attacks without hesitation, without any attempt at negotiation or flight. Cultists like this are perhaps more dangerous than the undead—they have intelligence, skill, and the willingness to die for their cause. 


{combat: CULTIST | skill=5 | stamina=4}
Fight for your life! 


If you win: {choice: 3 | Continue}
If you wish to flee: {choice: 221 | Continue}
Section 33


You examine the strange symbols carved into the walls around you—occult signs and sigils that seem to writhe and shift in the torchlight. Some you recognize from old books on dark magic: binding circles, summoning glyphs, marks of protection (or is it imprisonment?). Others are completely alien, their meanings lost to time or knowledge you've never acquired. 


Do you have the {item: Mayor's Ledger | type=other}—the book that contains information about the "Hollow Faith" cult and its symbols? 


If you have the {item: Mayor's Ledger | type=other}: You pull out the ledger and flip through its pages, comparing the symbols on the walls to the sketches and notes within. Yes! These match! The ledger explains that these symbols are part of the original binding ritual used to imprison the Widow's spirit. Understanding them gives you insight into how the binding works and potentially how to renew it—or how to avoid breaking it further. This knowledge will prove valuable. {choice: 155 | Continue}
If you don't have the ledger: The symbols remain meaningless to you—pretty pictures carved by hands long dead, serving purposes you can't fathom. Without context, they're just decorations on stone, mysteries you have neither the time nor the knowledge to solve. {choice: 111 | Continue}
Section 34


The floor ahead looks solid enough, but your instincts—honed by years of adventure and countless brushes with death—scream warning. Something about the stones ahead looks wrong. The mortar between them is a slightly different color. The stones themselves sit at a subtly different height. It's a trap. 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: Your instincts prove correct! You carefully examine the floor and spot the pressure plate hidden beneath a thin layer of dust and debris. One wrong step would have triggered it. You mark its location mentally and step carefully around it, avoiding the trap entirely. {choice: 155 | Continue}
If Unlucky: You see the trap too late! Your foot comes down on the pressure plate, and you hear a click that makes your blood run cold. Immediately, darts shoot from hidden slots in the walls, whistling through the air with deadly precision. Most miss, but several strike home, piercing exposed flesh and injecting their ancient venom. {action: -5 stamina | You lose stamina} from the dart wounds and the poison they carry. You stagger forward, pulling the darts from your flesh, grateful that the ancient poison has weakened over time—otherwise, you'd already be dead. {choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 35


You discover a storage room that has somehow escaped the general looting and decay that plagues this place. On dusty shelves, you find: 


{item: 3 Provisions | type=food | restore=+4 stamina} - Dried food that's still edible, if not exactly appetizing. Water in sealed containers. Food that could mean the difference between life and death. 


A mysterious vial containing thick, luminous blue liquid that seems to glow from within. The liquid swirls slowly, responding to the warmth of your hand as you pick it up. 


This vial presents a choice. You could drink it immediately, taking a chance on its effects. According to faded writing on the label (in a language you barely recognize), this potion will permanently increase your SKILL by 1 (maximum Initial +1). However, there's a cost: drinking it will {action: -1 luck | Your luck is reduced} as the fates demand balance for such a gift. 


The decision is yours: 


Drink the vial to gain +1 SKILL but lose 1 LUCK 


Save it for later (add it to your inventory) 


Leave it behind


Add the {item: 3 Provisions | type=food | restore=+4 stamina} to your Adventure Sheet. 


Once you've made your decision about the vial, you continue exploring. 


{choice: 111 | Continue}
Section 36


A translucent figure materializes before you, blocking your path completely. The Phantom Servant wears the tattered remains of what was once fine livery—the uniform of a servant in the Hollow household, now little more than ethereal rags hanging from its ghostly form. 


Its face is twisted in eternal anguish, mouth open in a silent scream that you can somehow still hear in your mind. This was once a person— someone who served the Hollow family, someone who died (or was killed) and whose spirit was bound to serve even in death. 


The ghost doesn't attack out of malice but out of compulsion. It's following orders given long ago: "Let no one pass." It doesn't matter that those who gave the orders are long dead, that the entity it serves is now an evil thing. The Phantom Servant knows only duty, and it will fight to the end to fulfill it. 


{combat: PHANTOM SERVANT | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Special Ability - Incorporeal: As a ghostly entity, it exists partially outside normal reality. Normal weapons deal only 1 damage instead of the usual 2 when they strike it. Magical weapons or silver weapons deal normal damage. 


Fight the Phantom Servant! 


If you win: {choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 37


You manage to overhear fragments of conversation between cultists before they move out of earshot: 


"...Widow needs the girl's blood for the final phase..." 


"...the old binding must be destroyed completely..." 


"...midnight bell at the manor will signal the ritual's beginning..." 


"...silver chains will finally break..." 


"...true name must never be spoken by the living..." 


The information comes in disjointed pieces, but together they paint a terrifying picture. The cultists plan to sacrifice Mayor Aldric's daughter Lydia. They're working to destroy whatever remains of the original binding that held the Widow's power in check. The ritual will take place at midnight in the Hollow manor. And the Widow's true name is something they desperately want to keep secret. 


Knowledge is power, and you've just gained valuable intelligence that could help you stop the ritual before it's too late. {choice: 180 | Continue}
Section 38


Lydia looks up at you with gratitude and tears streaming down her face. "Thank you," she whispers, her voice trembling. "Thank you for saving me. I thought I was going to die down here, that my last moments would be watching those monsters drink my blood for their dark ritual." 


She's weak from her ordeal—days without food, little water, and the constant terror of knowing what awaited her at midnight. You help her to her feet, supporting her weight as she stumbles on unsteady legs. 


"I need to get back to my father," she says urgently. "He must be out of his mind with worry. And you... you need to stop them. The cult is planning something terrible. They talked about it constantly, thinking I couldn't understand their hints and coded language. But I figured it out." 


You escort Lydia through the catacombs, retracing your steps toward the surface. The journey is slower with her injured and exhausted, but eventually you emerge into the village above. The moon hangs heavy and full in the sky—how many hours until midnight? 


You deliver Lydia safely to her father's house. Mayor Aldric weeps when he sees his daughter alive, crushing her in an embrace that makes her wince but also smile through her tears. 


"You saved her," he says to you, his voice thick with emotion. "You actually saved her. I... I don't have words. Thank you doesn't seem like enough." True to his promise, the Mayor takes you to his hidden vault and retrieves an ornate {item: Silver Key | type=key}, its surface inscribed with binding runes. 


"This was used by my grandfather to help imprison the Widow originally," he explains. "Without it, you cannot bind her spirit again. Use it well. End this curse forever." 


You can now obtain the {item: Silver Key | type=key}! Add it to your Adventure Sheet. 


This is one of the three critical items needed for victory.   
Turn to 234 (the Mayor will help you further if you wish to consult with him).


Section 39


INSTANT DEATH! 


Without warning, a spectral blade materializes from thin air and plunges directly through your chest! The blade is transparent, ghostly, but the pain it causes is horrifyingly real. You look down in shock to see the ethereal weapon protruding from your chest, right where your heart should be. 


Cold spreads from the wound—not the cold of ice, but the cold of the grave, of death itself. You try to cry out, but your lungs won't work. You try to pull the blade free, but your hands pass through it without finding purchase. 


You fall to your knees, then to your side, your vision already darkening. The last thing you hear is laughter—the Widow's laughter, echoing from everywhere and nowhere, filled with cruel satisfaction. 


"Another fool," her voice whispers in your dying ears. "Another victim. Join my army, little hero. Serve me in death as you failed to stop me in life." 


Your adventure ends here, killed by the Widow's spectral power before you could even face her directly. Your body will rise as one of her undead servants, forever bound to serve the very evil you came to destroy. 


THE END


Section 40


You find an old journal, its pages yellowed and brittle but still legible. The handwriting is shaky, written by someone under extreme stress: 


"The Hollow family bound the Widow with forbidden magic and silver chains. But the binding was never meant to be permanent—just long enough for my grandfather's generation to die in peace, leaving the problem for future generations. 


The binding weakens with each generation that passes. Soon, perhaps in my children's time or their children's time, it will fail completely. 


The only way to renew it is with the Widow's true name and silver forged specifically for binding spirits. The old {item: Silver Key | type=key} still exists, hidden in our family vault. But the true name... that knowledge was supposed to die with the original conspirators. Without both, the Widow cannot be properly bound again. 


May God forgive us for what we did. May our descendants find the strength to right our wrongs." 


The entry is unsigned and undated, but it provides crucial information about how the original binding worked and what's needed to renew it. Add this knowledge to your notes. 


{choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 41


The ceiling above you suddenly gives way without warning! Centuries of moisture and slow decay finally claim victory, and tons of earth and stone come crashing down. 


Roll one die: 


On 1-2: The collapse is catastrophic. You're directly beneath the worst of it. {action: -6 stamina | You lose stamina} from the brutal impact of falling stone. You're battered, bruised, possibly suffering broken ribs or worse. If you survive, you dig yourself out from under the rubble, spitting blood and dust. If you're still alive, {choice: 221 | Continue}
On 3-4: You're caught by the edge of the collapse. {action: -3 stamina | You lose stamina} as smaller rocks and debris rain down on you. You manage to shield your head with your arms, but you don't escape unscathed. Once the dust settles, {choice: 221 | Continue}
On 5-6: Your reflexes save you! You see a crack form in the ceiling and dive aside just as tons of earth come crashing down where you were standing a second before. You avoid the collapse entirely, though your heart races and your hands shake from the close call. {choice: 221 | Continue}
Section 42


You search the corpse carefully, trying not to think too much about the gray flesh and the faint smell of decay. Among the dead cultist's belongings, you find a torn map showing a secret entrance to the manor—a tunnel that bypasses the main gates and most of the ground floor defenses. 


This could prove invaluable! With this map, you can enter the manor undetected, potentially avoiding guards, traps, or other hazards that the main entrance might hold. 


{action: +1 luck | You gain luck} for this fortunate discovery. Sometimes, fate smiles on the brave.   
Add the MAP to your Adventure Sheet. 


You carefully fold the map and tuck it into your pack, then continue your exploration of this death-filled place. 


{choice: 127 | Continue}
Section 43


You discover a hidden laboratory, its door concealed behind a false wall that you only found through careful searching and no small amount of luck. Inside, the air smells of chemicals and dust, of old magic and forgotten experiments. 


The laboratory is in disarray, as if someone left in a hurry and never returned. Glass vials lie shattered on the floor, their contents long since evaporated. Bookshelves have toppled, spilling their contents across the ground. Strange apparatus—alembics, retorts, devices whose purposes you can't even guess—lie broken and forgotten. 


But on a desk in the corner, miraculously untouched by the chaos, sits a leather-bound journal. You pick it up carefully, blow the dust from its cover, and read the title embossed in fading gold letters: 


"The {item: Alchemist's Journal | type=other}: Notes on Spectral Binding and the Hollow Family Curse" 


Your heart races. This could be exactly what you need! 


Add the {item: Alchemist's Journal | type=other} to your Adventure Sheet. 


This journal contains crucial information about how to defeat the Widow, including details about her true name, the binding ritual, and the items required to seal her spirit permanently. It's one of the most valuable items you could find. 


{choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 44


You attempt to pick the lock on the chest, using whatever tools you have at hand—a dagger tip, a piece of wire, your own fingernails if necessary. The lock is old and corroded, which works in your favor—the mechanism is stiff but also degraded. 


Do you have THIEVES' TOOLS or specific lockpicking equipment? 


If yes: The lock opens smoothly under your skilled manipulation. Turn to 44 (continue below). 


If no: You'll have to try forcing it. Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: Despite your lack of proper tools, you manage to coax the lock open through patience and improvisation. Turn to 44 (continue below). 


If Unlucky: The lock refuses to yield, and after several minutes of futile attempts, you're forced to admit defeat. The chest remains sealed, its contents a mystery. {choice: 301 | Continue}
If you successfully opened the chest: 


Inside, carefully wrapped in oil cloth to protect against moisture, you find: 


{item: 40 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} 


{item: Cloak of Protection | type=armor | bonus=+1 defense} - A fine garment woven with subtle protective enchantments. When worn, it adds +1 to your Armor Class and +1 to all saving throws against magical effects. The cloak is dark blue, almost black, and surprisingly light despite its apparent thickness. 


Add these items to your Adventure Sheet. 


The cloak fits perfectly, settling over your shoulders like it was made for you. You immediately feel slightly safer, slightly more protected against the supernatural horrors that plague this place. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 45


You push open the tavern door, its hinges creaking like a tortured soul crying out in the night. The Weeping Willow appears nearly empty at first glance, but as your eyes adjust to the dim interior, you pick out details that paint a disturbing picture. 


A fire crackles in the hearth, but it provides no warmth—the flames themselves seem wrong, burning too steadily, casting shadows that move when they shouldn't. The few tables and chairs are arranged neatly, as if waiting for customers who will never arrive. Dust coats everything except the bar itself, which gleams as if recently polished. 


Behind the bar stands a thin man with an unnaturally wide smile, methodically polishing a glass with movements that are too fluid, too precise, too mechanical. He looks up as you enter, and that smile never wavers, never reaches his eyes.   
"Welcome, traveler," he says in a monotone voice that lacks any genuine emotion. "You've arrived at an... interesting time. What brings you to Hollow's End?" 


Something is fundamentally wrong here. The bartender doesn't blink. He doesn't breathe—you watch for several seconds, and his chest never rises or falls.


Talk to the bartender:


{choice: 78 | question him about the undead}


{choice: 146 | order a drink and observe}


{choice: 203 | search the tavern more carefully}


Search the tavern:


{choice: 9 | search behind the bar}


{choice: 11 | examine the fireplace}


{choice: 18 | search the cellar}


{choice: 22 | look through abandoned belongings}


{choice: 24 | find a hidden compartment}


{choice: 31 | examine strange markings on the wall}


{choice: 35 | search the kitchen}


{choice: 38 | find a locked chest}


{choice: 40 | discover an old journal}


{choice: 43 | find a secret passage}


{choice: 47 | try to flee}


{choice: 52 | rest and regain strength}


{choice: 55 | find provisions}


{choice: 61 | examine a painting}


{choice: 66 | find a map}


{choice: 70 | discover a hidden room}


{choice: 79 | search for weapons}


{choice: 84 | find a diary}


{choice: 95 | examine cult symbols}


{choice: 101 | find a cultist's robe}


{choice: 110 | discover a ritual chamber beneath}


Leave the tavern:


{choice: 127 | leave and head to the cemetery}


{choice: 234 | leave and visit the mayor's house}


{choice: 77 | explore the village streets}


Section 46


A Ghoul leaps from the shadows with terrifying speed! Unlike the slow, shambling zombies, Ghouls are fast, intelligent, and horrifyingly effective predators. This one's eyes glow with an unholy light, and its claws—long, curved, and sharp as razors—reach for your throat. 


{combat: GHOUL | skill=6 | stamina=6}
Special Ability - Paralyzing Touch: Each time the Ghoul successfully wounds you, you must Test your Luck. If you are Unlucky, the paralytic toxins in its claws take effect, and you lose 1 SKILL point for the remainder of this combat (cumulative—each failed test reduces your SKILL further). The paralysis makes you slower, clumsier, less effective in battle. 


Fight the Ghoul! 


If you win: {choice: 312 | Continue}
Section 47


You attempt to flee, but your foot catches on a root or a loose stone, and you stumble! Before you can regain your balance, the undead creatures surround you, cutting off all escape routes. Their moaning fills your ears, their rotting hands reach for you, and their dead eyes fix upon you with hunger that transcends death. 


You cannot flee. You must fight! 


{choice: 298 | Continue}
Section 48


The rope holds! You swing across the chasm, your heart in your throat as the rope creaks and the knot you tied threatens to slip. For a moment, you're suspended over darkness, over a drop that would certainly kill you if you fell. 


Then your feet touch solid ground on the other side. You release the rope with shaking hands, grateful to be alive and on firm footing once more. The obstacles in your path seem determined to kill you, but your skill and luck are proving equal to the challenge—so far. {choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 49


You discover a hidden shrine, so well concealed that you nearly missed it entirely. The entrance is behind a fallen section of wall, accessible only by crawling through a narrow gap. 


Inside, the small chamber is surprisingly peaceful despite the horrors that surround it. Candles still burn—impossibly, after what must be centuries— with flames that never flicker. A small altar holds offerings: dried flowers, a silver locket, a wedding ring. 


An inscription on the altar reads: "For those wronged. For those who suffer unjustly. May they find peace." 


This shrine isn't dedicated to the Widow in her current form as a vengeful spirit. It's dedicated to Eliza Hollow as she was—an innocent victim, a woman whose only crime was loving the wrong man.   
You take a moment to pray at the shrine, not to any specific god, but to the concept of justice itself. The act of prayer, the moment of reflection, brings you a measure of peace and fortune. 


Restore 2 LUCK (maximum of your Initial LUCK). 


{choice: 111 | Continue}
Section 50


The water is deeper than you expected, the current stronger, the cold more intense. You try to swim, but your armor weighs you down, the current pulls at you, and the water's icy grip saps your strength with terrifying speed. 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: You manage to swim through the flooded section, though it's exhausting and terrifying. You emerge on the other side gasping and shivering but alive. {choice: 221 | Continue}
If Unlucky: The current pulls you under! You fight desperately, lungs burning, limbs growing numb from the cold. Water fills your mouth and nose. You're drowning... but at the last moment, your foot finds purchase on the bottom, and you push yourself up, breaking the surface and gasping for air. {action: -3 stamina | You lose stamina} from near-drowning and hypothermia. You drag yourself out of the water, coughing and trembling. {choice: 221 | Continue}
Section 51


You decipher the ancient text carved into the tomb's surface, running your fingers along the weathered stone as you work to make sense of the archaic script. The language is old—centuries old—but you know enough to piece together its meaning. 


The inscription reads: 


"Here lies the sin of Mordecai Hollow, who betrayed the Widow on her wedding day. May his sins die with him, though we fear they will not. He murdered an innocent man and imprisoned an innocent soul. God's judgment awaits. Let any who read this know: the Hollow family's wealth was built on blood and betrayal." 


The words confirm what you've been learning piece by piece—the Hollow family's dark secret, the terrible crime committed on what should have been the happiest day of Eliza's life. Mordecai Hollow murdered Thomas Ashford and bound Eliza's spirit, all for greed and ambition. 


This tomb is Mordecai's—the architect of all this suffering, the man whose actions 242 years ago set in motion the curse that now threatens to consume Hollow's End and perhaps the world beyond. 


Add this knowledge to your notes. 


{choice: 388 | Continue}
Section 52


The cultist's dying words rasp from his throat, barely audible: "Too late... midnight comes... the Widow rises... nothing can stop it now..." 


His eyes glaze over, the light fading from them like candles being snuffed out one by one. His final breath rattles in his chest, and then he's gone— just another corpse in a place already filled with death. 


But his words echo in your mind. Midnight comes. How much time do you have left? The urgency of your quest presses down on you like a physical weight. 


Do you want to search his body for items or information? 


If yes: {choice: 3 | Continue}
If no, you want to move on quickly: {choice: 180 | Continue}
Section 53


DEAD END. 


The passage ahead ends in a massive cave-in, tons of earth and stone completely blocking any forward progress. Unlike some of the other collapsed sections you've encountered, this one is absolute—there's no way through, no gap to squeeze through, no hope of digging your way past. 


The sheer scale of the collapse is sobering. This must have happened years, perhaps decades ago. Stalactites have begun forming from moisture seeping through the rubble, and moss grows on some of the stones nearest to you. 


You've wasted time and energy coming this way, and now you must backtrack. The frustration gnaws at you—every minute wasted is a minute closer to midnight, a minute closer to the Widow's full resurrection. 


{action: -2 stamina | You lose stamina} from the exhausting journey to this dead end and the stress of the setback. 


You have no choice but to turn back and find another route. 


{choice: 111 | Continue}
Section 54


You discover an old well shaft, its opening partially concealed by overgrown vegetation and rotting boards. Peering down into the darkness, you can see something glinting at the bottom—metal catching what little light penetrates the depths. Could be treasure. Could be a trap. Could be both. 


The well is deep—perhaps twenty or thirty feet—and the walls are slick with moisture and slime. Climbing down would be dangerous without proper equipment. 


Do you have ROPE in your inventory? 


If yes: You secure one end of the rope to a sturdy tree root and carefully descend into the well. {choice: 109 | Continue}
If no: Without rope, attempting to climb down would be suicide. The walls are too slippery, the drop too far. You could easily fall and break your neck. Reluctantly, you leave the well unexplored and continue on your way. {choice: 127 | Continue}
Section 55


A Shadow's touch drains your strength in ways that go beyond mere physical damage! As its cold, insubstantial fingers brush against your skin, you feel vitality flowing out of you like water from a broken vessel. The sensation is horrifying—not pain exactly, but a profound sense of loss, of something essential being stolen. 


When the Shadow pulls back, you're left feeling weaker, diminished, less capable than before. Your reflexes are slower, your strikes less accurate, your confidence shaken. 


{action: -1 skill permanent | You permanently lose skill} and 2 STAMINA. 


These reductions apply to both your current scores AND your maximum scores. Even if you rest or find healing, this damage cannot be undone. The Shadow has literally drained away part of what makes you a skilled warrior. 


Mark these permanent reductions carefully on your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 56


Mayor Aldric's face hardens with suspicion and fear. His eyes narrow as he studies you more carefully, and his hand moves toward something hidden beneath his desk—a weapon, most likely. 


"No," he says firmly, his voice shaking but resolute. "No, I don't trust you. How do I know you're not one of them? How do I know the cult didn't send you to finish what my ancestors started?" 


His paranoia isn't entirely unreasonable—in a village besieged by undead and infiltrated by dark cultists, trust is a luxury no one can afford. 


"Leave!" he shouts, pulling a pistol from beneath his desk. His hand shakes, but his aim is steady enough. "Get out of my house! I won't let you trick me into helping you! LEAVE NOW!" 


You have no choice but to retreat. The Mayor's fear has overcome his desperation, and without evidence to prove your intentions, you cannot convince him otherwise. 


This is a critical failure. Without the Mayor's trust, you cannot obtain the {item: Silver Key | type=key} that he possesses—one of the three items absolutely required for victory. You've lost a valuable ally and access to a critical item. 


Without the {item: Silver Key | type=key}, achieving true victory is now impossible. You can still fight the Widow, but you won't be able to properly bind her spirit. The curse will continue in some form. 


Turn to 127 (but know that your chances of success are now severely diminished).


Section 57


You manage to sneak past the guardian creature successfully, moving with the careful silence of a hunting cat. Every footstep is placed with precision, every breath controlled and quiet. Your heart hammers in your chest, but you don't let the fear show in your movements. 


The guardian—a shambling undead thing that seems more instinct than intelligence—doesn't see or hear you. It continues its patrol, unaware that a living intruder has just slipped past it. 


Once you're safely past and the guardian's footsteps fade into the distance, you allow yourself a moment of relief. Your muscles unclench, your breathing returns to normal, and you wipe cold sweat from your forehead. 


That was too close.   
{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 58


A poison dart shoots from a hidden slot in the wall, whistling through the air with deadly precision! You see it at the last possible moment—a thin sliver of metal with a dark substance coating its tip. 


The dart strikes home, piercing through a gap in your armor and embedding itself in your flesh. Pain flares at the impact site, followed immediately by a spreading numbness that radiates outward from the wound. 


{action: -4 stamina | You lose stamina} from the dart wound and the poison it carries. 


You pull the dart free with trembling fingers, your hand already feeling weak and unresponsive. The poison—ancient but still potent—flows through your bloodstream, making your muscles feel heavy and your reactions sluggish. 


{action: -1 skill | Your skill is reduced} for your next combat as the numbness affects your fighting ability. After that combat, the poison will have worked its way out of your system, and your SKILL will return to normal (unless it's been permanently reduced by other effects). 


Shaken and weakened, you continue forward more carefully, your eyes scanning for additional traps. 


{choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 59


You discover a secret door hidden behind a bookshelf! The bookshelf itself is covered in dust and cobwebs, clearly undisturbed for years, but when you press against it in just the right way, it swings aside on concealed hinges to reveal a hidden room beyond. 


Inside, you find an armory—or what's left of one. Most of the weapons and armor have been taken or have rusted to uselessness over the decades. But one item remains, carefully preserved in oil cloth and magical protections: 


A {item: +1 Longsword | type=weapon | bonus=+1 skill} 


The blade is beautiful—well-balanced, perfectly weighted, and etched with faint runes that pulse with subtle magical energy. When you lift it, the sword seems to come alive in your hands, responding to your movements as if it were an extension of your own arm. 


This magical weapon adds +1 to your SKILL when wielded. If you already have a magical weapon, you must choose which one to use (only one weapon can provide bonuses at a time). 


Add the {item: +1 Longsword | type=weapon | bonus=+1 skill} to your Adventure Sheet. 


The sword feels right in your grip—like it was made for your hand, like it's been waiting here all these years just for you to claim it. {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 60


The floor beneath you is slick with blood—so much blood that it's pooled in the depressions between the stones, creating sticky, viscous puddles that squelch beneath your boots. The coppery smell is overwhelming, making your stomach churn. 


Whose blood is this? How many people died here? The questions flash through your mind, but you don't have time to ponder them. Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: You manage to keep your footing despite the treacherous surface, moving carefully across the blood-slicked floor without incident. {choice: 301 | Continue}
If Unlucky: Your foot slips in the blood! You go down hard, hitting the stone floor with painful force. {action: -2 stamina | You lose stamina} from the impact and from cutting your hands on the rough stone as you try to catch yourself. You rise slowly, covered in blood (not all of it yours), and continue more carefully. {choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 61


The chanting grows louder—much louder. The ritual has begun! You can hear the cultists' voices raised in unison, speaking words in a language that hurts to hear, syllables that seem to twist reality itself. 


You must hurry! Every second counts now. Midnight approaches, and with it, the Widow's full resurrection. 


{action: -1 stamina | You lose stamina} as you break into a run, ignoring caution, racing through the passages toward the source of the chanting. Your lungs burn, your legs ache, but you push yourself harder.   
{choice: 378 | Continue}
Section 62


The Zombie's grip tightens around your ankle like an iron shackle, its fingers digging into your flesh with supernatural strength. You look down and see its face—a nightmare of rot and decay, with teeth visible through holes in its cheeks and one eye hanging loose from its socket. 


But it's still dangerous. Very dangerous. 


{combat: ZOMBIE | skill=5 | stamina=6}
Special Ability - Undead Fortitude: If you reduce this Zombie to 0 STAMINA, it may not be truly destroyed! Roll one die immediately. On a result of 5-6, the Zombie survives with 1 STAMINA and continues fighting. Its unnatural tenacity makes it refuse to stay down. 


Fight the Zombie! 


If you win: {choice: 189 | Continue}
Section 63


You find a hidden passage marked with the Hollow family crest—a shield divided into quarters, with symbols representing wealth, power, ambition, and (ironically) justice. The passage is narrow and dark, barely wide enough for one person to walk through sideways. 


But it's also in remarkably good condition compared to the rest of these catacombs. Someone has maintained this passage, kept it clear of debris and collapse. Why? Where does it lead? 


You follow the passage carefully, one hand on the wall for guidance, the other on your weapon. The passage winds through the earth, climbing gradually upward. After several minutes of careful navigation, you emerge into a different location entirely—what appears to be the basement of the Hollow manor itself! 


This secret passage provides a direct route from the catacombs to the manor, bypassing the cemetery entirely. It's both convenient and deeply suspicious—why would the Hollow family need such a passage? What dark business required secret access between the manor and the catacombs? 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 64


A spectral figure materializes before you—translucent, glowing faintly, more suggestion than substance. Unlike other hostile spirits you've encountered, this one doesn't attack. Instead, it simply stands there, its sad eyes fixed upon you. 


Then it raises one arm and points toward a section of wall that looks no different from any other. Its mouth moves as if speaking, but you hear only the faintest whisper: "True name..." 


Then it fades, dissipating like morning mist under sunlight, leaving you alone with its cryptic message and the direction it indicated. 


You approach the wall it pointed to and examine it carefully. At first, you find nothing. Then your fingers detect a slight depression—a hidden catch. You press it, and a section of wall swings inward, revealing a hidden chamber beyond. 


The ghost was trying to help you! Perhaps it was one of Eliza's servants, someone who knew the truth, someone who wants the curse ended as much as the living do. 


{action: +1 luck | You gain luck} for this fortunate (if eerie) assistance. 


{choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 65


INSTANT DEATH! 


The floor gives way beneath you, and you plummet into a bottomless pit! The darkness swallows you whole as you fall, fall, fall into depths that seem to have no end. 


Your screams echo off walls you can't see, growing fainter and more distant until they fade entirely. Perhaps you fall forever, trapped in an eternal descent. Perhaps you eventually hit bottom, but by then you're traveling so fast that death is instantaneous and mercifully painless. 


Either way, your adventure ends here, lost in the depths beneath Hollow's End. Your body will never be recovered. Your name will be forgotten. The curse continues, and the village remains doomed.   
THE END


Section 66


You successfully disarm the trap, your skilled hands finding and disabling the mechanism before it can trigger. The chest opens smoothly, revealing treasures within: 


{item: 50 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} - A small fortune, carefully hoarded by someone long dead. 


SCROLL OF PROTECTION - A magical scroll inscribed with protective wards. You can use this scroll once during any combat to gain +2 to all saving throws for that entire battle. Once used, the scroll crumbles to dust. 


Add these items to your Adventure Sheet. 


Satisfied with your haul and proud of your trap-disarming skills, you continue your exploration. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 67


The cultist leader rises to his feet, raising his ceremonial dagger high above his head. His eyes burn with fanatical fervor as he begins chanting in a dark tongue. The other cultists turn toward you, their numbers suddenly seeming far more threatening. 


You've triggered an alarm, and now you must face their leader! 


{combat: CULT FANATIC | skill=7 | stamina=8}
Special Ability - Dark Magic: Once per combat, the Cult Fanatic may attempt to cast a Command spell. Roll one die. On a result of 5-6, the spell succeeds, and you are magically compelled to stand still for one Attack Round. You lose your entire attack for that round (the Fanatic still gets to attack you normally). 


This enemy is dangerous—both skilled with his blade and capable of dark magic. 


Fight for your life! 


If you win: {choice: 180 | Continue}
Section 68


You attempt to cross the bridge, but as your weight settles onto the ancient structure, the wood groans ominously. You feel the planks shift beneath your feet, hear the ropes beginning to fray and snap. 


The bridge collapses! 


{choice: 7 | Continue}
Section 69


You discover the Mayor's secret journal, hidden in a locked drawer in his desk. The lock is simple enough to pick or force, and once you have the journal in hand, you flip through its pages eagerly. 


The entries are written in a shaking hand, the words often smudged as if the writer was crying while he wrote: 


"I've discovered the truth about what my great-great-grandfather did. The wedding massacre. The murder of Thomas Ashford. The binding of Eliza's spirit. All of it true. All of it unforgivable. 


We thought we could escape the consequences of our ancestors' sins. We were wrong. The curse grows stronger each year, each generation. Soon it will break free completely. 


The guilt haunts me. I see her sometimes, in mirrors, in windows, in the shadows of my own room—the Widow, still wearing her blood-stained wedding dress, her eyes filled with rage and pain. 


I don't know how to break the curse. The journals say only the Widow's true name and silver can bind her again. But even if we bind her, is that justice? Haven't we tormented her enough? 


May God forgive us. May someone braver than I find the strength to end this nightmare." 


The journal confirms what you've been learning—and provides additional context about the Mayor's own guilt and fear.   
{choice: 388 | Continue}
Section 70


The door is magically sealed, its surface covered in glowing runes that pulse with eldritch energy. You can feel the power emanating from it— ancient magic, strong magic, dangerous magic. 


Do you have the {item: Alchemist's Journal | type=other} in your possession? 


If yes: You flip through the journal and find a section on magical barriers and counter-spells. Yes! The journal contains the exact counter-spell needed to break this particular seal. You speak the words carefully, pronouncing each syllable exactly as written, and the runes flare brightly before fading entirely. The door is now unsealed. {choice: 355 | Continue}
If no: Without knowledge of the counter-spell, you have no way to break this magical seal. The door remains closed, its secrets beyond your reach. You'll need to find another way forward. {choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 71


You manage to sneak closer to the ritual chamber, moving through the shadows with practiced stealth. The cultists are so focused on their dark ceremony that they don't notice your approach. 


From your new vantage point, you can see everything: the summoning circle drawn in blood, the candles arranged in occult patterns, the ritual implements, and most importantly, the girl chained in the center—Mayor Aldric's daughter, Lydia. 


The cultists are chanting in unison, their voices rising and falling in disturbing patterns that seem to make the very air vibrate. You realize with horror that the ritual is already underway—though not yet complete. You still have time to interrupt it, to save the girl and disrupt whatever dark magic they're weaving. 


But you must act carefully. One wrong move could alert them to your presence. 


{choice: 245 | Continue}
Section 72


The potion explodes without warning! The glass vial shatters in your hands, and the liquid inside ignites with a roar of flame and a blast of concussive force that throws you backward. 


{action: -3 stamina | You lose stamina} from the explosion—burns on your hands and face, bruises from being thrown against the wall, and the general trauma of having a magical explosive detonate in your grip. 


You lie on the ground for a moment, ears ringing, vision swimming, trying to understand what just happened. The potion was either trapped, or unstable, or perhaps you simply handled it wrong. Either way, the result is the same—pain and injury. 


Once you can stand again, you continue, more wary now of mysterious liquids in glass bottles. 


{choice: 156 | Continue}
Section 73


You find a wounded villager hiding in a side passage, clutching a terrible wound in his side. His face is pale from blood loss, his breathing shallow and rapid. When he sees you, hope flickers in his eyes. 


"Help... me..." he gasps out. "Attacked... by undead... barely escaped..." 


You kneel beside him, assessing his injuries. They're serious, but not immediately fatal if he gets help soon. You do what you can—tearing cloth for bandages, applying pressure to the worst wounds, speaking reassuringly. 


"The Widow," he whispers urgently, gripping your arm with surprising strength. "She rises at midnight. Only silver... only silver can bind her. The old rituals... they knew... silver binds the dead..." 


He presses something into your hand—a small leather pouch. "Take this... use it... stop her..." 


Inside the pouch, you find {item: 20 Gold Pieces | type=treasure}—likely all the wealth this man possessed. 


Add {item: 20 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} to your Adventure Sheet. 


His grip loosens, his eyes close, and his breathing slows. You think perhaps he's dying, but then you feel a faint pulse. He's unconscious but alive. You make him as comfortable as possible and move on—you can't help him further, but you can avenge him by stopping the curse.   
{choice: 127 | Continue}
Section 74


The passage ahead slopes downward sharply, the floor becoming slick with moisture. You can hear water somewhere below—a river or underground lake, flowing through the earth in darkness. 


You see something large moving beneath the surface of the water ahead—something that definitely shouldn't exist. Do you want to investigate what's in the water? 


If yes: {choice: 221 | Continue}
If no, you'd rather go back and find another route: {choice: 111 | Continue}
Section 75


You're suddenly attacked by a swarm of diseased rats! They pour from cracks in the walls like a furry flood, their eyes gleaming red in the darkness, their teeth yellow and sharp. 


The rats bite at your ankles, crawl up your legs, try to get under your armor. Their bites are numerous and painful, and worse—the rats carry disease. 


{action: -2 stamina | You lose stamina} from the numerous bites. 


{action: -1 skill | Your skill is reduced} temporarily as fever and infection begin to take hold. This SKILL reduction lasts until you can rest properly or find magical healing. 


You fight off the rat swarm by stamping, swinging your weapon, and generally making yourself as dangerous and unappetizing as possible. Eventually, they scatter back into their holes, leaving you bitten, bleeding, and feeling distinctly unwell. 


{choice: 221 | Continue}
Section 76


You discover an ancient tapestry hanging on the wall, surprisingly well-preserved despite the dampness and decay that permeates this place. The fabric is thick and heavy, woven with skill that speaks of master craftsmanship. 


The scene depicted is horrifying: a wedding ceremony turned massacre. You can see the bride in her white dress, the groom at the altar, and armed men bursting through the doors with swords drawn. The next panel shows the groom falling, blood spreading across white marble. The final panel shows the bride screaming, her dress now stained red, while shadowy figures bind her with silver chains. 


At the bottom of the tapestry, carefully embroidered letters spell out a name: ELIZA HOLLOW 


This is her—the Widow. This tapestry depicts the moment her life ended and her eternal torment began. Seeing it laid out so explicitly, the horror of what was done to her becomes even more real, more visceral. 


The tapestry confirms the legend and provides the Widow's true name if you didn't already know it. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 77


DEAD END. 


This path leads to the very edge of the village—the boundary beyond which lies only wilderness and the open road you traveled to reach Hollow's End. There's nothing here that can help you, no passage forward, no secrets to uncover. 


You've wasted time exploring a path that leads nowhere useful. Frustrated, you turn back toward the village proper. Turn to 1 (you're back at the village entrance).


Section 78


"I've heard rumors of undead plaguing this village," you say carefully, watching the bartender's reaction. "What can you tell me about it?" 


The bartender's smile widens—impossibly wide, far wider than any human mouth should stretch. It keeps widening until you can see rows and rows of teeth, far too many teeth, teeth that are suddenly sharp as needles. 


"The dead walk," he says, and now his voice is layered, multiple voices speaking in unison. "Very unfortunate for the living. Perhaps you should speak with the Mayor before you—" 


He stops mid-sentence. His head tilts at an unnatural angle, like a puppet whose strings have been jerked wrong. His eyes go completely black, the pupils expanding to swallow the whites, swallow the iris, swallow everything until they're like looking into two pools of absolute darkness. 


"Before you JOIN them!" he snarls, and his form begins to ripple and shift. Skin flows like water, bones crack and reform, height changes, proportions distort. 


This is no human bartender. It's a Doppelganger—a shapeshifting creature that kills and replaces its victims, wearing their faces like masks. The real bartender is probably dead... or imprisoned somewhere. 


The Doppelganger lunges at you with inhuman speed! 


{combat: DOPPELGANGER | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Special Ability - Shapechanger: After the Doppelganger takes damage, it may Test its Luck (you roll for it). If Lucky, it shifts forms rapidly, confusing you. Reduce your Attack Strength by 2 for the next Attack Round only as you struggle to track which form is real and which is illusion. 


Fight for your life! 


If you win: {choice: 132 | Continue}
Section 79


You attempt to flee before combat begins, your survival instincts overriding your courage. Sometimes, discretion truly is the better part of valor. Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: You manage to escape before the creature can engage you, dodging away and losing yourself in the maze of passages. Your heart pounds, but you're safe—for now. {choice: 189 | Continue}
If Unlucky: You're not fast enough! The creature catches you before you can escape, forcing you into combat. Turn to 298 (you must fight).


Section 80


You drink from the ancient fountain, hoping the water might be blessed or possess healing properties. The water is cold and clear, tasting faintly metallic but not unpleasant. 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: The water IS blessed! You feel warmth spreading through your body, healing your wounds and strengthening your spirit. {action: +4 stamina | You restore stamina} and 1 LUCK (maximum of your Initial scores). This fountain was once sacred ground, and some of that holiness remains. {choice: 301 | Continue}
If Unlucky: The water is cursed! It burns as it goes down, and you feel your strength ebbing. {action: -3 stamina | You lose stamina} as the corruption of this place has tainted even the water that once flowed pure. You stumble away from the fountain, retching. {choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 81


You open the door to reveal a ritual chamber that takes your breath away—not from beauty, but from sheer malevolence. A summoning circle has been drawn on the floor in fresh blood, its lines still wet and glistening in the candlelight. Three black candles burn at key points around the circle, their flames unnaturally still, casting no shadows. 


Strange symbols pulse with dark energy around the circle's perimeter. You can feel wrongness emanating from this place, like spiritual poison seeping into your soul the longer you stand here. 


These candles are part of an ongoing ritual—keeping something contained, or perhaps channeling power to something elsewhere. Do you want to extinguish the candles and disrupt whatever dark magic is at work here? 


If yes, extinguish the candles: {choice: 245 | Continue}
If no, leave the candles burning and continue exploring: {choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 82


You find a skeleton clutching a diary in its bony hands, the book held so tightly that you have to pry the fingers loose to retrieve it. The skeleton is sitting with its back against the wall, as if it simply sat down here to rest and never got up again. 


The diary is written in a shaking hand that grows increasingly erratic as the entries progress: 


"Day 12 of captivity: The Widow's wail is stronger tonight. It pierces the walls, pierces my ears, pierces my very mind. I cannot sleep. Day 13: Sleep deprivation is taking its toll. I hear things that aren't there. See shadows that move when I'm not looking. The food is almost gone. 


Day 14: They're at the door. I can hear them scratching, moaning, calling my name in voices of the dead. I've barricaded myself in, but I know it won't hold forever. If anyone finds this—tell my family I love them. Tell them I—" 


The entry ends abruptly, unfinished. You look at the skeleton with new understanding. This person died here, trapped and alone, listening to the undead trying to break through the door. 


The diary provides no useful information beyond a chilling reminder of the curse's lethality. 


{choice: 127 | Continue}
Section 83


A cultist emerges from the shadows, drawing a wicked-looking ceremonial dagger from beneath his robes. His face is hidden beneath a deep hood, but you can see his lips moving in silent prayer—or perhaps a curse aimed at you. 


{combat: CULTIST | skill=5 | stamina=4}
Special Quality - Fanatic: This cultist fights to the death with no thought of surrender or self-preservation. He cannot be intimidated or reasoned with. 


Fight the cultist! 


If you win: {choice: 3 | Continue}
Section 84


You successfully pick the lock on the iron gate, using whatever tools you have at hand or improvising with bits of wire and your own dexterity. The lock is old and corroded, which actually works in your favor—the mechanism is stiff but predictable. 


After several tense minutes of careful manipulation, you hear a satisfying click. The lock opens, and the gate swings aside with a rusty groan. 


Beyond the gate, a passage leads deeper underground, sloping downward into darkness. The air that flows from below is cold and carries the scent of earth and water. 


{choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 85


The Shadow's touch is brief but devastating! For just a moment, its cold, insubstantial form makes contact with yours, and in that instant, something vital is ripped away from you. 


You stagger back, gasping, feeling fundamentally changed. Your movements are clumsier, your reflexes slower, your sense of balance off. The Shadow has drained something essential from you—not just strength, but the very skill that makes you a competent warrior. 


{action: -1 skill permanent | You permanently lose skill}. 


This reduction applies to both your current and maximum SKILL scores. Even rest and healing cannot restore what the Shadow has stolen. Mark this permanent reduction on your Adventure Sheet carefully. 


{choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 86


You find a section of wall that looks climbable—rough stone with enough handholds and footholds to make ascending possible. The climb looks dangerous, but it also looks like it might bypass whatever obstacles lie on the ground-level path. 


You begin climbing carefully, testing each handhold before trusting your weight to it. The stone is rough under your hands, cutting your palms, but you make steady progress upward. 


After several tense minutes of climbing, you reach the top—a ledge that overlooks the area below. From this vantage point, you can see far more than you could from ground level. 


Most importantly, you can see the Hollow manor in the distance. It looks ghostly and translucent even from here, shimmering like a mirage. That's where you need to go eventually—where the final confrontation awaits. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 87


A trap activates as you step on a hidden pressure plate! Spears shoot from slots in the walls, whistling through the air with deadly precision. Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: Your reflexes save you! You see the spears coming and manage to dodge aside at the last instant. One grazes your arm, drawing blood but not doing serious damage. {choice: 155 | Continue}
If Unlucky: A spear catches you! It grazes along your side, tearing through armor and flesh alike. {action: -4 stamina | You lose stamina} from the spear wound. You press your hand against the injury, feeling warm blood flowing between your fingers. The wound isn't fatal, but it's painful and debilitating. {choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 88


You find a prayer book clutched in a skeleton's hands. The skeleton is kneeling as if in prayer, its bones arranged in a position of supplication. Perhaps this person spent their final moments praying for salvation that never came. 


The prayer book itself is old but well-preserved, its pages filled with prayers to various gods and protective verses. One passage has been circled repeatedly, as if the skeleton read it over and over: 


"Grant strength to those who face darkness. Grant courage to those who stand against evil. Grant protection to those who defend the innocent." Reading the prayers, you feel a sense of peace and spiritual fortification. The book seems to radiate a faint protective energy. 


For your next combat ONLY, gain +1 SKILL and +1 LUCK. These bonuses apply only to the next battle you fight, then fade. The prayer book's blessing is temporary but powerful. 


Mark this temporary bonus on your Adventure Sheet (and remember to remove it after your next combat). 


{choice: 127 | Continue}
Section 89


The water ahead is far deeper than you expected—rising from ankle-deep to waist-deep to chest-deep in just a few steps. The cold is shocking, like being plunged into ice water. Your armor weighs you down, making swimming difficult or impossible. 


Do you have ROPE in your inventory? 


If yes, you have rope: You quickly tie the rope around your waist, securing the other end to a solid pillar. This makeshift safety line will keep you from being swept away by any current. Turn to 221 (but with the confidence that you have a safety measure). 


If no rope: You'll have to risk it. Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: You manage to wade through the deep water without incident, though it's exhausting and cold. Turn to 221. If Unlucky: The current is stronger than you realized! {choice: 50 | Continue}
Section 90


You notice fresh boot prints in the dust on the floor—recent tracks, certainly made within the last few hours. Someone else is (or was) in these catacombs recently. 


The tracks lead toward the manor, suggesting that whoever made them was heading in the same direction you need to go. Could be a cultist. Could be another adventurer. Could be something else entirely. 


The prints are humanoid but the stride is oddly regular, almost mechanical. Whatever made these tracks walks with unnatural precision. This information might prove useful later. At minimum, it tells you that you're not alone down here. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 91


The Widow appears before you without warning! 


One moment, the corridor is empty. The next, she's simply there—a tall figure in a blood-stained wedding dress, her face hidden beneath a torn veil, her hands reaching toward you with clawed fingers. 


"You dare enter MY domain?" her voice echoes, seeming to come from everywhere at once. It's not a human voice—it's the sound of wind through empty halls, of chains dragging on stone, of anguish given voice. 


She sees you. She knows you're here to stop her. And she's ready to end you. 


This could be your final confrontation—do you have what you need to bind her? 


Do you have the {item: Silver Key | type=key} and do you know her TRUE NAME? 


If yes, you have both: You might be able to bind her properly! {choice: 395 | Continue}
If no, you're missing one or both: You'll have to fight or flee, but you cannot properly bind her spirit. {choice: 362 | Continue}
Section 92


You sit down and consume one of your Provisions, taking a much-needed rest to eat and regain your strength. The simple act of eating, of taking care of your body's basic needs, feels almost luxurious in this place of death and horror. 


The food is simple but nourishing—dried meat, hard bread, maybe some cheese or dried fruit. Your body craves the sustenance after the exertions and stresses of your journey. 


{action: +4 stamina | You restore stamina} (maximum of your Initial STAMINA). 


Cross off {item: 1 Provisions | type=food | restore=+4 stamina} from your Adventure Sheet. 


Feeling somewhat refreshed, you prepare to continue your exploration. 


{choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 93


The door ahead is locked tight, secured with a heavy iron lock that looks formidable. 


Do you have the {item: Brass Key | type=key} inscribed with strange symbols? 


If yes: The {item: Brass Key | type=key} fits the lock perfectly. You turn it, hear a satisfying click, and the door swings open. Turn to 267. If no, you don't have the {item: Brass Key | type=key}: You'll have to try forcing the door open with brute strength. Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: After several minutes of pounding and prying, the ancient lock gives way. {choice: 27 | Continue}
If Unlucky: The door refuses to open despite your best efforts, and you've exhausted yourself trying. {choice: 28 | Continue}
Section 94


You find a journal entry written in a trembling hand: 


"Day 7 of captivity: The Wight in the eastern chamber has been released by the cultists. It feeds on fear and despair. I can feel it even through the walls—a presence of pure malevolence. 


According to the old texts, only blessed silver can truly harm it. Normal weapons will slow it down, but it will keep regenerating unless struck with consecrated metal. 


If anyone finds this—beware the Wight. It drains more than life. It drains hope itself." 


The journal provides valuable intelligence about the Wight you may face (or may have already faced). Blessed or silver weapons are most effective against it. 


Add this information to your notes. 


{choice: 267 | Continue}
Section 95


A ghost materializes before you, its translucent form taking the rough shape of a person—though its features are blurred and indistinct, as if seen through thick fog. 


It doesn't attack. Instead, it speaks in a voice like wind through reeds: "{item: Silver Key | type=key}... true name... midnight bell..." 


The words are cryptic but clearly meant to help. These are the components of the ritual to bind the Widow: a {item: Silver Key | type=key} for the binding, her true name to invoke her properly, and the midnight bell as the timing mechanism. 


The ghost fades away before you can ask questions, dissipating like morning mist. 


Add this cryptic information to your notes if you haven't already figured it out. 


{choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 96


You attempt to cross a crumbling bridge that spans a dark chasm. The bridge is ancient, its wooden planks rotted and its rope supports frayed to the point of breaking. 


You step carefully onto the first plank, testing your weight. It holds. You take another step. Still holding. Encouraged, you continue across, moving slowly and carefully, distributing your weight as evenly as possible. 


The bridge creaks and groans beneath you, but it holds together—barely. Each step is an exercise in faith and balance, but you make it to the other side without incident. 


Exhaling with relief, you step onto solid ground and continue. 


{choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 97


You find a healing shrine—a small alcove where candles still burn (impossibly, after all these years) and a stone basin holds crystal-clear water that seems to glow with its own inner light. 


This is a place of power, a sacred space that has somehow remained untouched by the corruption spreading through the catacombs. Perhaps the gods still watch over this small corner, or perhaps some ancient magic protects it. 


You approach the shrine respectfully and drink from the basin. The water tastes pure and sweet, and you feel its healing power flowing through you immediately. 


{action: restore stamina | Your stamina is fully restored} to your Initial value. 


{action: +1 luck | You gain luck} for discovering this blessed place. 


You take a moment to rest here, feeling safer than you have since entering Hollow's End. The shrine radiates peace and protection. When you're ready, you continue your quest renewed in body and spirit. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 98


You defeat the cultist, and as he falls, something drops from his robes—a medallion bearing the cult's symbol. The symbol is a twisted version of the Hollow family crest, corrupted and inverted, with additional occult markings added. 


This medallion might prove useful. If you wear it, other cultists might mistake you for one of their own—at least briefly. Add the {item: Cult Medallion | type=other} to your Adventure Sheet. 


Wearing this medallion could allow you to bluff your way past cultists or overhear their plans without being detected. But it's also dangerous—if they see through your deception, they'll attack with extra fury for your blasphemy. 


{choice: 180 | Continue}
Section 99


You descend carefully into the old well, hand over hand on the rope you've secured. The walls are slick with moisture and slime, making the climb treacherous. The darkness below seems to swallow your lantern light. 


Finally, your feet touch bottom—water, about ankle-deep and cold as ice. You're standing in what appears to be an ancient cistern or storage chamber. 


Your search of the area reveals: 


{item: 30 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} scattered in the water (perhaps tossed down here as offerings or lost over the years) 


POTION OF STRENGTH - A red liquid in a crystal vial. When drunk before combat, this potion grants +2 SKILL for one combat only.Add these items to your Adventure Sheet. 


Satisfied with your haul, you climb back up the rope to ground level. 


{choice: 127 | Continue}
Section 100


You hear footsteps approaching—multiple sets, echoing through the stone corridors. The cultists or undead are coming this way! Do you want to hide and wait for them to pass? 


If yes, hide: {choice: 6 | Continue}
If no, prepare to face them: {choice: 89 | Continue}
Section 101


You reach a junction where stone steps end and three distinct passages branch away into darkness. Each passage offers different clues about what lies ahead, and your choice here could determine your fate. 


To the left: The passage slopes downward at a gentle angle, and you can hear distant chanting echoing up from below. The voices are male and female, speaking in unison in a language you don't recognize—ancient, guttural, wrong-sounding. This must lead to where the cultists are gathering for their dark ritual. 


To the right: This passage appears flooded, with water covering the floor at least waist-deep. You can see half-submerged coffins floating in the murky water, their lids askew or missing entirely. The water is black and still, like oil, and you cannot see what lies beneath its surface. 


Straight ahead: The air from this passage smells of incense and old candles. You can see a faint flickering light in the distance—candlelight, perhaps, or torchlight. The smell suggests this might lead to a ritual chamber or shrine. 


Choose your path carefully: 


Turn to 155 for the left passage (toward the chanting) 


Turn to 221 for the right passage (the flooded section) 


Turn to 245 for the straight ahead passage (toward candlelight)


Section 102


The Skeleton Warrior crumbles under your final blow, its bones collapsing into a pile of dust and fragments. The dark magic that animated it disperses like smoke in wind, and you're left standing over the remains of something that should have stayed buried. 


As you search through the bone pile, something glints in the dim light—a golden ring, still on what remains of the skeleton's finger bone. You pull it free and examine it. The craftsmanship is exquisite, and the gold is pure. This ring is worth a considerable sum. 


Add {item: 40 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} worth of value to your Adventure Sheet (you can sell the ring later, or keep it as a valuable item). With the guardian defeated and the treasure claimed, you continue deeper into the catacombs. 


{choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 103


The passage ahead narrows dramatically, forcing you to turn sideways and shuffle through. The walls press in from both sides, and the ceiling lowers until you're hunched over. Your armor scrapes against stone with sounds that seem impossibly loud in the confined space. 


Claustrophobia begins to claw at your mind. What if you get stuck? What if the passage gets even narrower? What if the ceiling collapses? Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: You manage to squeeze through the tight crawl space, though it takes several uncomfortable minutes. Your armor picks up new scratches and dents, and your muscles ache from the awkward positioning, but you emerge on the other side intact. {choice: 155 | Continue}
If Unlucky: You become stuck halfway through! Panic floods your system as you realize you can't move forward or backward. Your breath comes in short gasps. {action: -2 stamina | You lose stamina} as you struggle desperately, scraping skin against rough stone, using precious energy to work yourself free. After what feels like an eternity, you manage to wiggle loose and continue, shaken and bruised. {choice: 111 | Continue}
Section 104


You discover a weapons rack mounted on the wall, surprisingly well-preserved considering the decay that surrounds it. Most of the weapons have rusted into uselessness, but one item catches your eye: 


A SILVER DAGGER 


The blade gleams even in the dim light, untarnished by time. Silver is particularly effective against undead creatures, and you sense that this weapon will prove invaluable in the battles ahead.   
Add the SILVER DAGGER to your Adventure Sheet. 


When wielded, this dagger deals +1 extra damage against all undead creatures (so you'll deal 3 damage on successful hits instead of the normal 2). Against living enemies, it functions as a normal dagger. 


Silver binds the dead—this is a truth you're coming to understand more deeply with each discovery. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 105


The Zombie's bite is deep and terrible! Its diseased teeth tear through your flesh, and you can feel corruption flooding into your bloodstream through the wound. The pain is immediate and intense, but worse is the spreading numbness and fever that follows. 


{action: -3 stamina | You lose stamina} from the bite wound itself. 


Additionally, reduce your maximum STAMINA by 1 permanently. The Zombie's bite carries a supernatural disease that weakens you fundamentally. Even if you heal the immediate wound, you've lost part of your vitality forever. 


Mark both the current STAMINA loss and the permanent maximum reduction on your Adventure Sheet. 


Despite the terrible wound, you continue fighting. 


{choice: 298 | Continue}
Section 106


You discover a hidden library room, concealed behind a section of wall that looks no different from any other until you notice the subtle seam and the hidden catch. Inside, shelves filled with ancient books line the walls—grimoires, histories, journals, and texts on subjects both mundane and arcane. 


This library contains crucial information about the curse, the Hollow family history, and the rituals used to bind and unbind spirits. You spend several minutes quickly scanning the most relevant texts, absorbing as much information as possible. 


The knowledge you gain here could mean the difference between success and failure in your quest. 


{action: +2 luck | You gain luck} for this incredible discovery. Sometimes, knowledge truly is power. 


Add "Library Knowledge: Curse History" to your notes. 


{choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 107


The floor suddenly collapses beneath you! Ancient wood and rotted supports finally give way after centuries of bearing weight. Roll one die: 


On 1-2: The collapse is catastrophic. Turn to 4 (instant death in the spike pit below). 


On 3-4: You partially fall through but catch yourself at the last moment. {action: -5 stamina | You lose stamina} from the impact and from the effort of pulling yourself back up. {choice: 221 | Continue}
On 5-6: Your reflexes save you! You see the floor beginning to give way and leap backward just in time. The section where you were standing collapses into darkness below, but you're safe on solid ground. {choice: 156 | Continue}
Section 108


A spectral voice echoes through the chamber, seeming to come from everywhere and nowhere at once. The voice is hollow, distant, like someone calling from the bottom of a deep well: 


"Beware... beware midnight... when the bell tolls twelve... when the binding breaks... when vengeance comes..." Then silence. The voice doesn't return, no matter how long you wait. 


The warning is cryptic but clear enough—midnight is the critical moment. Whatever you're going to do, you must do it before the clock strikes twelve. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 109


You find a torn page from what appears to be the {item: Alchemist's Journal | type=other}—perhaps torn out during a hasty departure or a struggle. The page is crumpled and bloodstained, but the text is still legible: 


"The Widow is bound by silver chains and dark magic, but the binding is imperfect. It was never meant to last forever—only long enough for the guilty generation to die in peace. 


To properly seal her spirit for eternity requires three components: silver forged specifically for binding (such as the {item: Silver Key | type=key}), her true name spoken with authority, and the ritual performed at the moment of greatest supernatural power (midnight on the anniversary of her binding). 


Without all three components, the binding will be temporary at best. The Widow will eventually break free again, perhaps even more powerful than before." 


This information confirms what you've been piecing together from various sources. You need the {item: Silver Key | type=key}, the true name, and proper timing. Add this knowledge to your notes. 


{choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 110


You hear a cultist fleeing through the passages ahead, his footsteps echoing as he runs. He must have seen you and decided discretion was the better part of valor. 


Do you want to chase him down before he can warn others? 


If yes, chase the fleeing cultist: {choice: 82 | Continue}
If no, let him go and continue exploring: {choice: 180 | Continue}
Section 111


You manage to sneak past a sleeping Ghoul, moving with the silent precision of a trained assassin. The creature is curled in a corner, its chest rising and falling with slow, rattling breaths. Even in sleep, it looks dangerous—claws extended, mouth slightly open revealing sharp teeth. 


You hold your breath as you edge past it, each footstep placed with infinite care. One misstep, one loose stone, one creak of armor could wake it and force you into a difficult battle. 


But luck is with you. The Ghoul doesn't stir, and you slip past successfully.


The passage opens into a maze of tunnels. You may explore:


{choice: 119 | follow a narrow passage}


{choice: 124 | investigate a side chamber}


{choice: 126 | search for hidden doors}


{choice: 202 | examine strange markings}


{choice: 205 | find a ritual site}


{choice: 206 | discover a tomb}


{choice: 208 | explore a flooded section}


{choice: 211 | find a collapsed passage}


{choice: 213 | investigate echoing sounds}


{choice: 214 | search for treasure}


{choice: 216 | find a skeleton clutching a note}


{choice: 217 | discover a hidden shrine}


{choice: 218 | find a weapon cache}


{choice: 220 | cross an ancient bridge}


{choice: 222 | encounter a cultist}


{choice: 223 | find a journal entry}


{choice: 224 | discover a blessed fountain}


{choice: 225 | find healing supplies}


{choice: 226 | locate a secret passage}


{choice: 227 | find a protective amulet}


Or continue to main areas:


{choice: 155 | proceed to the main junction}


{choice: 221 | explore the flooded section}


{choice: 301 | head toward the manor}


Section 112


You smash through the door with a powerful kick and find exactly what the note said you would—Lydia, the Mayor's daughter, chained to a stone pillar in the center of the room. She's pale and weak, her wrists raw from the manacles, her dress torn and filthy. 


Do you want to free her immediately? 


If yes, free Lydia: {choice: 27 | Continue}
If no, you want to continue exploring first and come back for her later: {choice: 245 | Continue}
Section 113


You drink the mysterious potion, and immediately you feel... lucky. The sensation is hard to describe—like the universe has shifted slightly in your favor, like probability itself has bent toward your benefit. 


This is a {item: Potion of Luck | type=potion | restore=+3 luck}! 


Add 3 to your LUCK (maximum of Initial LUCK +2). So if your Initial LUCK was 10, you can now go up to 12. 


This substantial boost to your fortune could prove crucial in the challenges ahead. Sometimes, luck is just as important as skill or strength. {choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 114


The passage ahead is completely blocked by a massive rubble pile from an ancient cave-in. Tons of earth and stone make forward progress impossible. You'd need days and proper equipment to dig through this obstruction. 


Frustrated by another dead end, you're forced to turn back and find an alternative route. 


{choice: 111 | Continue}
Section 115


You find a map of the catacombs etched into the wall—probably carved by some long-dead explorer who wanted to leave a record of the labyrinth's layout. The map is crude but detailed enough to be useful. 


Studying it carefully, you begin to understand the overall structure of this underground maze. You can see where you are, where you've been, and— most importantly—where you might need to go. 


{action: +1 luck | You gain luck} for this fortunate discovery. Knowledge of the terrain is invaluable. 


Add "Catacomb Map" to your notes. 


{choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 116


The Shadow drains your life force before dissipating completely! Even in its final moments, it manages to steal something vital from you—not just health, but fundamental vitality and skill. 


{action: -1 skill permanent | You permanently lose skill} and 2 maximum STAMINA. 


These reductions cannot be healed or restored by any normal means. The Shadow has taken part of your life essence with it into whatever dark realm spawned it. 


Mark these permanent reductions carefully on your Adventure Sheet. 


Weakened but alive, you continue forward. 


{choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 117


You discover a journal with critical information about the curse's timeline: 


"Midnight approaches. The Widow's power grows with each passing hour. By the time the midnight bell tolls, she will have reached her full strength. Only silver and her true name can stop her then. Without both, she will be unstoppable." 


The journal's warning is clear: time is running out. Every minute wasted is a minute closer to the Widow's complete resurrection. Add this timing information to your notes. 


{choice: 378 | Continue}
Section 118


You find a silver locket lying on the ground, its chain broken. Opening it carefully, you discover a miniature painting inside—a wedding portrait. The bride is beautiful, her smile radiant with joy. The groom looks at her with obvious adoration. 


On the back of the locket, engraved in flowing script, are the words: "Eliza Hollow, my beloved bride. Forever yours, Thomas Ashford." 


This is the Widow's locket—a token of the love she shared with the man murdered on their wedding day. Seeing this reminder of her happiness before tragedy struck makes her story even more heartbreaking. 


Add "Eliza's Locket" to your inventory if you wish to keep it. It may prove useful later. 


{choice: 388 | Continue}
Section 119


A cultist sounds the alarm! His shout echoes through the catacombs: "Intruder! Intruder in the sacred halls! Brothers, to arms!" You hear the sound of running footsteps—multiple sets, coming from different directions. More cultists are approaching rapidly! You can't fight them all. You must flee! 


{choice: 221 | Continue}
Section 120


You successfully pick the lock on a heavy chest, your skilled fingers manipulating the mechanism until you hear a satisfying click. The lid opens to reveal treasures within: 


{item: Cloak of Shadows | type=other} - A dark garment that seems to absorb light rather than reflect it. When worn, this cloak adds +2 to all stealth attempts and makes you significantly harder to detect in shadows or darkness. 


Add the {item: Cloak of Shadows | type=other} to your Adventure Sheet. 


If you choose to wear it, the cloak settles over your shoulders like a piece of living darkness, wrapping you in concealment. {choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 121


You discover a vast underground lake, its black waters stretching far into the darkness beyond the reach of your lantern. Small lights flicker on the far shore—fires or torches, suggesting habitation or at least activity. 


The water is cold and still, its surface like dark glass. You cannot see how deep it is, and the thought of what might lurk beneath its surface is unsettling. 


Do you want to swim across to investigate the lights on the far shore? 


If yes, swim across: {choice: 221 | Continue}
If no, turn back and find another route: {choice: 111 | Continue}
Section 122


A Specter materializes without warning, its form translucent and glowing with pale blue light! Unlike the Phantom Servants you've encountered, this spirit seems more powerful, more malevolent, more independent. 


It fixes its hollow eyes upon you and opens its mouth in a silent scream that you somehow still hear in your mind. 


{combat: PHANTOM SERVANT | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Special Ability - Incorporeal: As a ghostly entity, normal weapons deal only 1 damage instead of 2. Magical or silver weapons deal normal damage. 


Fight the Phantom Servant! 


If you win: {choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 123


You find a HEALING POTION hidden in a small alcove! The glass vial contains luminous red liquid that glows with its own inner light—a sure sign of magical healing properties. 


Add HEALING POTION to your Adventure Sheet (restores 6 STAMINA when drunk). 


This potion could save your life in a critical moment. Guard it well. 


{choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 124


The ancient bridge groans under your weight but holds together—barely. You can hear wood cracking, feel the structure swaying, but you make it across without incident. 


On the far side, you pause to catch your breath and let your heart rate return to normal. That was closer than you'd like to admit. {choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 125


You discover a secret shrine dedicated to the Widow—but not as the vengeful spirit she's become. This shrine honors her as she was: Eliza Hollow, innocent victim. 


The shrine is simple but touching: candles that burn with steady flames (impossible after so many years, yet here they are), fresh flowers (equally impossible, yet present), and offerings of jewelry and coins. Someone—perhaps many people over the years—has maintained this shrine in secret. 


An inscription reads: "Honor Eliza, wronged on her wedding day. May she find peace. May love triumph over hate. May the innocent be remembered." 


This shrine wasn't created by cultists serving the dark Widow. This was made by people who mourned Eliza, who recognized the injustice done to her, who hoped for her peace rather than her vengeance. 


Add "Secret Shrine to Eliza" to your notes. 


{choice: 388 | Continue}
Section 126


The Zombie finally releases its grip on your ankle, its fingers going slack as the unnatural force animating it fades away. You're free! 


You kick the corpse away from you and stumble backward, your ankle aching where its fingers dug into flesh. You're battered and exhausted, but you've survived another encounter with the undead. 


{choice: 189 | Continue}
Section 127


You enter the cemetery through the twisted gates, and immediately the mist swirls up around your ankles like grasping fingers. The crooked gravestones lean at odd angles, as if the earth itself is rejecting them, trying to push them up and out. 


Fresh earth marks three recently opened graves. The coffins have been torn open from the inside, their occupants missing—risen and walking, no doubt. Everywhere you look, you see signs of desecration and unnatural activity. 


Then you hear it—a low moaning that makes your skin crawl. The sound of the hungry dead. 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: Your keen senses alert you just in time to prepare yourself for what's coming. {choice: 189 | Continue}
If Unlucky: You're caught off-guard by the speed of the undead attack! {choice: 298 | Continue}
After dealing with the immediate threat, you can explore the cemetery:


{choice: 21 | rest and eat provisions}


{choice: 46 | investigate a Ghoul sighting}


{choice: 54 | discover a well shaft}


{choice: 69 | search a collapsed crypt}


{choice: 73 | find a wounded villager}


{choice: 77 | explore the village edge}


{choice: 82 | find a skeleton with a diary}


{choice: 88 | find a prayer book}


{choice: 117 | discover a journal about the curse}


{choice: 128 | climb stairs toward the manor}


{choice: 129 | disturb a bat swarm}


{choice: 130 | find an ancient tome}


{choice: 131 | search for supplies}


{choice: 132 | encounter more undead}


{choice: 133 | find a secret entrance}


{choice: 144 | fight a skeleton warrior}


{choice: 237 | find a carved warning}


{choice: 272 | find a temporary blessing}


Main destinations:


{choice: 155 | enter the catacombs below}


{choice: 234 | return to the Mayor's manor}


{choice: 45 | go back to the tavern}


Section 128


The passage slopes upward at a steep angle, climbing through the earth toward the surface. The air becomes slightly less stale as you ascend, and you can see dim light ahead—real light, not just the glow of your lantern or phosphorescent fungi. 


The stairs are worn smooth by centuries of use, each step hollowed in the center by countless footsteps. How many people have climbed these stairs over the years? How many descended them never to return? 


Finally, you emerge into what appears to be a higher level of the catacombs—or perhaps the basement of the manor itself. {choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 129


A bat swarm erupts from the darkness without warning! Hundreds of small bodies with leathery wings fill the air, their high-pitched screeching deafening in the confined space. 


They swarm around you, biting exposed skin, tangling in your hair, creating chaos and disorientation. While individually harmless, the collective attack of hundreds of bats is surprisingly damaging. 


{action: -2 stamina | You lose stamina} from the numerous small bites and scratches. 


You flail at the bats, swinging your arms wildly, trying to protect your face and eyes. After what feels like an eternity but is probably only seconds, the swarm disperses as suddenly as it appeared, flying away into the darkness. 


{choice: 221 | Continue}
Section 130


You find an ancient tome, its leather cover cracked with age but its pages miraculously well-preserved: 


"The Hollow family betrayed Eliza on her wedding day. They murdered her husband, Thomas Ashford, before her eyes. Then they used forbidden necromancy to bind her spirit, preventing her from seeking justice even in death. 


The binding ritual used silver chains forged with dark magic. These chains trapped her between life and death, unable to rest and unable to take revenge. 


Each generation, the binding weakens slightly. The silver tarnishes, the spells fade, the barriers thin. Eventually—inevitably—the binding will fail completely." 


This tome provides detailed historical context for the curse and confirms what you've been piecing together. 


{choice: 388 | Continue}
Section 131


A cultist drops a key ring as he falls! You pick it up and examine the keys: 


A {item: Brass Key | type=key} with strange symbols 


An {item: Iron Key | type=key}, heavy and old 


A {item: Silver Key | type=key}, smaller than the others 


Add CULTIST'S KEYS to your Adventure Sheet. 


These keys may open various locks throughout the catacombs and manor. Keep them safe—you never know when you'll need them. {choice: 180 | Continue}
Section 132


Your final slash cuts through the Doppelganger's form, and it collapses with an inhuman shriek. Its body ripples and shifts rapidly through dozens of faces and forms—all the people it's killed and replaced over the years, perhaps—before finally dissolving into a pool of gray ooze that stinks of decay and dark magic. 


Behind the bar, you notice a trapdoor you hadn't seen before. The Doppelganger must have been using it to access the cellar below. 


You descend carefully and find the real bartender bound and gagged, terrified but alive. He's been imprisoned here for two nights while the creature wore his face and served drinks to unsuspecting customers. 


After you free him, he gasps out his story and his gratitude: "Thank you! That thing... it was watching the mayor's house. I heard it talking to things that came through the walls—shadows with voices. They mentioned catacombs beneath the cemetery." 


He reaches into a hidden stash and pulls out a small chest: "Take this. It's all I have saved, but you need it more than me." Inside you find: 


{item: 50 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} 


1 {item: Healing Potion | type=potion | restore=+4 stamina} 


Add these items to your Adventure Sheet. 


"Please," he continues, gripping your arm. "Help us. The mayor knows more about all this. It's connected to his family's past—something terrible that happened long ago." 


Where do you want to go next? 


{choice: 234 | visit the mayor}


{choice: 127 | investigate the cemetery}


Section 133


You successfully disarm the trap, your skilled hands finding and neutralizing the mechanism before it can trigger. Your careful attention to detail has paid off. 


{action: +1 luck | You gain luck} for your successful trap disarming. 


{choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 134


The water level rises rapidly without warning! What was ankle-deep suddenly becomes waist-deep, then chest-deep. The cold water rushes in from somewhere, filling the passage with terrifying speed. 


You must swim for your life! 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: You manage to swim to higher ground before the passage floods completely. Your lungs burn and your limbs ache, but you escape the worst of it. {choice: 221 | Continue}
If Unlucky: The rising water catches you! You go under, tumbling in the current, unable to tell which way is up. {action: -5 stamina | You lose stamina} from near drowning and hypothermia. Just when you think your lungs will burst, you break the surface, gasping and choking. {choice: 221 | Continue}
Section 135


You find a skeleton wearing cultist robes, long dead and partially decomposed. Clutched in its bony hands is a MAP OF THE MANOR showing secret passages, hidden rooms, and the layout of the cursed building. 


This map will prove invaluable when you finally reach the manor! 


Add {item: Manor Map | type=other} to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 245 | Continue}
Section 136


A ghost attacks without warning! The Phantom Servant materializes from the very air itself, its translucent form glowing with cold blue light. 


{combat: PHANTOM SERVANT | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Special Ability - Incorporeal: Normal weapons deal only 1 damage instead of 2. Magical or silver weapons deal normal damage. Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 137


You successfully climb a shaft that leads upward through the earth. The walls are slippery with moisture and the climb is exhausting, but you manage it through sheer determination. 


You emerge into the manor's cellar—a vast underground space filled with wine racks (mostly empty now), storage crates (rotting and broken), and the general detritus of a building that's been abandoned for generations. 


The air here is slightly fresher than in the catacombs, though still heavy with the scent of decay and abandonment. {choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 138


The passage is trapped with nearly invisible tripwires stretched across the floor at ankle height. One wrong step could trigger... what? Arrows? Falling blocks? Poison gas? 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: Your keen eyes spot the tripwires just in time. You step carefully over them, avoiding the trap entirely. Turn to 155. If Unlucky: Your foot catches a wire! Turn to 97 (trap activates).


Section 139


You find a crumpled note, hastily scribbled in what looks like blood: 


"The ritual requires three components: 


1. Virgin blood (the girl Lydia) 


2. The silver binding broken completely 


3. The Widow's true name spoken at midnight 


When all three come together, she will rise at full power. Her vengeance will be absolute. Hollow's End will fall, and darkness will spread like plague across the land." 


This is crucial intelligence! The cultists' plans are laid bare. 


{choice: 378 | Continue}
Section 140


A Shadow touches you, and you feel your very essence being drained away! The sensation is horrifying—cold spreading through your body, strength flowing out of you like water from a broken vessel. 


{action: -1 skill permanent | You permanently lose skill}. 


This reduction cannot be healed. The Shadow has stolen part of what makes you a skilled warrior. 


{choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 141


You find the Mayor's father's diary hidden in a secret compartment: 


"I cannot undo what my grandfather did. The curse grows stronger each year, claiming more victims. Each generation of Hollows has lived in fear, knowing our family's sin. 


The curse will claim us all unless someone breaks it. But how? The rituals are lost, the knowledge scattered. I've tried to find answers, but every path leads to darkness and despair. 


I pray my son will be braver than I was. I pray he'll find someone who can end this nightmare before it's too late." The diary provides context about the Mayor's burden and his family's generations of guilt. 


{choice: 234 | Continue}
Section 142


The floor feels weak beneath your feet, the wood flexing ominously with each step. 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: You step carefully, distributing your weight evenly, and cross the weak section without incident. Turn to 301. If Unlucky: Turn to 117 (the floor collapses).


Section 143


You find a {item: Holy Symbol | type=other} blessed by a priest, hanging from a chain around a skeleton's neck. The symbol is a cross or star (depending on what faith you follow) made of silver and inscribed with protective prayers. 


When worn, this symbol provides +1 to all saving throws against undead creatures—their unholy powers have slightly less effect on you. Add {item: Holy Symbol | type=other} to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 127 | Continue}
Section 144


A Skeleton Warrior emerges from an alcove, animated by dark magic! Its empty eye sockets burn with green fire, and it grips a rusty but still dangerous sword. 


{combat: SKELETON WARRIOR | skill=6 | stamina=5}
Special Weakness: Crushing weapons (maces, clubs) deal 3 damage instead of 2 against skeletons. 


Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 145


You follow the passage toward the sound of chanting. The voices grow louder as you approach—ancient words spoken in unison, rhythmic and hypnotic. The very air seems to vibrate with dark power. 


The passage opens into a large chamber, and what you see makes your blood run cold: 


Robed cultists kneel in a circle around a massive summoning circle drawn in fresh blood. In the center of the circle, chained to a stone pillar, is a girl —pale, unconscious, but alive. This must be Lydia, the Mayor's daughter. 


The cultists are so focused on their ritual that they haven't noticed you yet. You have the element of surprise—but what will you do with it? Do you have a {item: Cult Medallion | type=other} that might allow you to bluff your way in? 


If yes, try bluffing: {choice: 16 | Continue}
If no medallion but you want to attack immediately: {choice: 67 | Continue}
If you want to sneak closer and assess the situation: Test your Luck. 


Lucky: {choice: 71 | Continue}
Unlucky: {choice: 89 | Continue}
If you want to retreat and find another way: {choice: 111 | Continue}
Section 146


"Just an ale, please," you say casually, sitting down at the bar and trying to appear relaxed. The bartender pours you a drink with those too-smooth, too-mechanical movements. 


You pretend to drink while watching him carefully. After several minutes of observation, you notice disturbing details: 


He doesn't blink. Not once. 


He doesn't breathe. His chest never rises or falls. 


His reflection in the mirror behind the bar is delayed by a fraction of a second, as if the reflection is copying him rather than truly reflecting him. When he thinks you're not looking, his smile drops entirely, replaced by an expressionless mask. 


This is no human. This is something wearing a human face. 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: You've observed enough without tipping him off to your suspicions. You can now search the tavern more carefully. {choice: 203 | Continue}
If Unlucky: The creature realizes you're studying it too closely. Its head snaps toward you with inhuman speed, eyes going completely black. "You DARE spy on me?" it snarls, form beginning to shift and ripple. The Doppelganger attacks! {choice: 78 | Continue}
Section 147


You discover a locked chest. Do you have THIEVES' TOOLS or lockpicking equipment? 


If yes: Turn to 44 (you open it successfully). 


If no: You'll have to force it. Test your Luck. 


Lucky: {choice: 44 | Continue}
Unlucky: The chest remains locked. {choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 148


The Ghoul's claws rake across your arm, and where they touch, your flesh goes numb. The paralytic toxins are spreading! 


{action: -2 skill | Your skill is reduced} for the remainder of this combat. Your movements become sluggish, your strikes less accurate, your defense compromised. 


Continue fighting with reduced effectiveness. 


{choice: 298 | Continue}
Section 149


You successfully navigate a maze-like section of corridors, using your innate sense of direction and careful attention to landmarks to avoid getting lost. 


The maze eventually opens into a more straightforward passage. 


{choice: 245 | Continue}
Section 150


The floor ahead looks solid, but your instincts warn you of danger. 


Roll one die: 


On 1-2: It's a pit trap! Turn to 4 (instant death). 


On 3-6: Your instincts are correct but you see the trap in time. You carefully jump back, avoiding disaster. {choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 151


You discover 50 feet of ROPE coiled and hanging from a hook on the wall. Rope is invaluable in a place like this—for climbing, for crossing gaps, for securing yourself against falls, for countless uses you might not anticipate until the moment arrives. 


Add {item: Rope | type=other} to your Adventure Sheet. 


This simple but versatile tool could save your life multiple times before your quest is done. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 152


You discover a study chamber, its walls lined with bookshelves and its center dominated by a large desk. Despite the decay everywhere else, this room is surprisingly well-preserved—almost as if someone has been maintaining it. 


On the desk, lying open as if someone was just reading it moments ago, you find the {item: Alchemist's Journal | type=other}! This leather-bound tome contains detailed information about defeating the Widow. You flip through its pages eagerly, absorbing crucial knowledge: 


"The Widow—formerly Eliza Hollow—can only be bound by speaking her true name while holding silver forged for spirit-binding. The binding must occur at midnight, the hour of greatest supernatural power. 


Without her true name, she cannot be properly commanded. Without silver, she cannot be bound. Without proper timing, the ritual will fail. Beware: speaking her true name will draw her attention immediately. Be prepared to face her wrath before you invoke it." Add {item: Alchemist's Journal | type=other} to your Adventure Sheet. 


This is one of the most valuable items you could find—essential knowledge for victory! 


{choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 153


You hear voices approaching: "The Wight has been released! It guards the eastern passage now. Make sure no one gets past it." Cultists are coming this way, and they're talking about something called a Wight guarding a passage. 


Do you want to hide before they see you? 


If yes, hide: {choice: 6 | Continue}
If no, prepare to confront them: {choice: 89 | Continue}
Section 154


You find a {item: Potion of Invisibility | type=potion | other} in a hidden alcove! The liquid inside the crystal vial is completely clear, like pure water, but it shimmers with rainbow reflections when you tilt it. 


When drunk, this potion grants complete invisibility for 10 minutes (or until you attack someone, whichever comes first). While invisible, you can move freely without being detected by sight. However, you still make sounds and leave footprints. 


Add {item: Potion of Invisibility | type=potion | other} to your Adventure Sheet. 


This could prove invaluable for sneaking past dangerous enemies or escaping impossible situations. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 155


You've successfully navigated past the danger and find yourself in a section of the catacombs that branches in multiple directions. The passages here are older, the stonework more weathered, the air thick with dust and the musty scent of ages past. 


Faded torches flicker in rusted sconces, casting dancing shadows on walls covered with ancient carvings—warnings, blessings, or perhaps directions for those who knew how to read them. The silence is oppressive, broken only by the occasional drip of water from somewhere deeper in the darkness.


Roll one die to see what you encounter first:


On 1: A Zombie lurches from the shadows! {choice: 15 | Continue}
On 2: A Skeleton Warrior blocks your path! {choice: 30 | Continue}
On 3: You spot a hidden cache! {choice: 8 | Continue}
On 4: A cultist spots you! {choice: 32 | Continue}
On 5: You find ancient inscriptions! {choice: 51 | Continue}
On 6: The passage is clear. Continue exploring.


Main Passages:


Turn to 236 for the left passage (toward candlelight and ritual chambers)


Turn to 258 for the center passage (toward the manor)


Turn to 212 for the right passage (flooded section)


Side Passages to Explore:


{choice: 23 | search for secret doors}


{choice: 49 | investigate a hidden shrine}


{choice: 54 | examine an old well shaft}


{choice: 59 | search behind a bookshelf}


{choice: 74 | follow a sloping passage}


{choice: 81 | investigate a ritual chamber}


{choice: 86 | climb a wall section}


{choice: 90 | follow fresh boot prints}


{choice: 103 | squeeze through a tight crawlspace}


{choice: 106 | search for a hidden library}


{choice: 115 | examine wall carvings (map)}


{choice: 121 | investigate an underground lake}


{choice: 135 | search a skeleton}


{choice: 145 | follow the sound of chanting}


{choice: 149 | navigate a maze-like section}


{choice: 152 | search for a hidden study}


{choice: 158 | read journal pages}


{choice: 164 | investigate another well shaft}


{choice: 165 | follow an underground stream}


{choice: 176 | consolidate your findings}


Section 156


You discover a secret armory hidden behind a false wall! Inside, most of the weapons have rusted into uselessness, but one blade remains pristine: A {item: +1 Longsword | type=weapon | bonus=+1 skill} 


The blade is perfectly balanced and etched with runes of power. When wielded, it adds +1 to your SKILL. 


If you already have a magical weapon, you must choose which one to use—only one weapon can provide bonuses at a time. Add {item: +1 Longsword | type=weapon | bonus=+1 skill} to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 157


The door ahead is locked with a heavy mechanism. Do you have the {item: Brass Key | type=key} inscribed with strange symbols? If yes: The key fits perfectly. {choice: 267 | Continue}
If no: You'll have to try forcing it. Test your Luck. 


Lucky: You manage to break the lock. {choice: 27 | Continue}
Unlucky: The door won't budge. {choice: 28 | Continue}
Section 158


You find a journal entry written in a shaking hand: 


"Day 7 of my captivity. The Wight feeds on fear and despair. I can feel it even through the walls—a presence of pure malevolence. Only blessed silver can truly harm it. Normal weapons will slow it down, but it regenerates unless struck with consecrated metal. If anyone finds this—beware the Wight. It doesn't just drain life. It drains hope itself." 


Add "Wight Weakness: Blessed Silver" to your notes. 


{choice: 267 | Continue}
Section 159


A ghostly figure appears, translucent and shimmering. It points toward a section of wall and whispers in a voice like wind through reeds: "{item: Silver Key | type=key}... true name... midnight bell..." 


The ghost fades before you can ask questions, but its message is clear enough. These are the three components needed to bind the Widow: 


1. A {item: Silver Key | type=key} (for the binding) 


2. Her true name (to invoke her properly) 


3. Midnight (the time of greatest power)


{choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 160


You attempt to cross a crumbling bridge successfully! The ancient structure holds together just long enough for you to reach the other side. Behind you, you hear wood cracking and stones falling as the bridge finally gives way. 


That was too close. 


{choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 161


A cultist dies with a gurgling breath. Searching the body, you find: 


A NOTE: "Bring the girl to the manor at midnight. The Widow will rise at her full power. Our reward will be beyond measure." Add this intelligence to your notes. 


{choice: 180 | Continue}
Section 162


You find a small cache hidden in a wall niche: 


{item: 2 Provisions | type=food | restore=+4 stamina} 


{item: 20 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} 


Add these to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 111 | Continue}
Section 163


A Shadow's touch drains your vitality! You feel weaker, slower, less capable. 


{action: -1 skill permanent | You permanently lose skill} and 1 maximum STAMINA. 


These reductions cannot be healed. 


{choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 164


You find an ancient well shaft with something glinting at the bottom. Do you have ROPE? 


If yes: You can descend safely. {choice: 109 | Continue}
If no: Without rope, descending is too dangerous. {choice: 127 | Continue}
Section 165


You find a natural cavern with an underground stream flowing through it. The water is cold and clear, and you can hear it rushing deeper into the earth. 


Do you want to follow the stream to see where it leads? 


If yes, follow the stream: {choice: 221 | Continue}
If no, go back: {choice: 111 | Continue}
Section 166


You discover a hidden shrine with a prayer altar. Kneeling and offering a brief prayer, you feel spiritually fortified. Restore 1 LUCK (maximum of Initial LUCK). 


{choice: 245 | Continue}
Section 167


The floor suddenly gives way beneath you, revealing a spike pit below! 


Roll one die: 


On 1-3: Turn to 4 (instant death). 


On 4-6: You catch the edge! {action: -4 stamina | You lose stamina} from the effort of pulling yourself up. {choice: 221 | Continue}
Section 168


You successfully pick a lock on a door. Beyond lies a staircase leading upward into the manor proper. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 169


A Ghoul leaps from the shadows without warning! 


{combat: GHOUL | skill=6 | stamina=6}
Special Ability - Paralyzing Touch: Each wound requires a Luck test or lose 1 SKILL for the combat. 


Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 170


You successfully defeat the last cultist in this group. Searching the bodies, you find: 


Lydia, the Mayor's daughter, chained to a pillar! 


She's pale, weak, but alive. "Thank you," she gasps. "They were going to sacrifice me at midnight in the manor. The ritual... they said it would give the Widow enough power to spread her curse beyond Hollow's End." 


You free her from her chains, and she immediately insists on returning to her father. 


"I need to warn him," she says. "And you... you need to stop them. Please. End this nightmare." 


You escort her to safety. Once she's secure with her father, you must decide where to go next. 


This means you've rescued Lydia! The Mayor will now give you the {item: Silver Key | type=key} if you visit him. 


Where do you want to explore next? 


Turn to 245 if you haven't fully explored the eastern catacombs 


Turn to 301 if you're ready to proceed to the manor 


Turn to 111 if you want to explore more of the catacombs first


Section 171


You find a skeleton clutching a SILVER DAGGER! The blade gleams with an inner light, untarnished by time. 


Add SILVER DAGGER to your Adventure Sheet (+2 damage vs undead). 


{choice: 127 | Continue}
Section 172


The passage ahead is flooded with chest-deep water. You must swim across. 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: You swim across without incident. {choice: 221 | Continue}
If Unlucky: Turn to 50 (current problems).


Section 173


You find a prayer room with a holy altar. Resting here, you feel your spirit rejuvenated. 


{action: +4 stamina | You restore stamina} and 1 LUCK (maximum of Initial scores). 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 174


A rat swarm attacks! Their diseased bites are numerous and painful. 


{action: -2 stamina | You lose stamina} from bites. 


The rats eventually scatter back into their holes. 


{choice: 221 | Continue}
Section 175


You find a torn page from an important text: 


"The Widow's power reaches its peak at midnight. Only at that exact moment, when supernatural forces are strongest, can she be permanently bound by speaking her true name while holding silver consecrated for spirit-binding." 


Add "Midnight Timing Critical" to your notes. 


{choice: 378 | Continue}
Section 176


You've collected valuable information from searching cultist bodies, overhearing conversations, and finding hidden notes. The pieces are coming together: 


From your discoveries: 


{item: Brass Key | type=key} (inscribed with symbols) 


CULT ROBES (could serve as disguise) 


{item: 30 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} 


NOTE: "The Wight awakens at midnight in the eastern chamber. Silver binding weakens hourly." 


Add all items to your Adventure Sheet if you haven't already. 


The cultists' plans are becoming clearer: they're working to completely break the binding that holds the Widow, they have a Wight guarding critical passages, and midnight is the deadline for everything. 


{choice: 180 | Continue}
Section 177


A Zombie suddenly grabs you from behind! Its rotting hands close around your arm with surprising strength. 


{combat: ZOMBIE | skill=5 | stamina=6}
Special Ability - Undead Fortitude: If reduced to 0 STAMINA, roll one die. On 5-6, it survives with 1 STAMINA. You must fight! 


If you win: {choice: 189 | Continue}
Section 178


You successfully dodge falling stones as a section of ceiling begins to collapse! Your reflexes save you from being crushed. {action: +1 luck | You gain luck} for your fortunate escape. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 179


A Phantom Servant materializes from thin air, its translucent form glowing with cold blue light! 


{combat: PHANTOM SERVANT | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Special Ability - Incorporeal: Normal weapons deal 1 damage instead of 2. Magical or silver weapons deal normal damage. Fight the ghost! 


If you win: {choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 180


Your keen senses and quick reflexes alert you just in time. You sidestep behind a massive gravestone as three Zombies emerge from the swirling mist, their burial clothes hanging in tatters, their flesh gray and rotting. They moan hungrily, shuffling toward where you were standing just moments ago. 


The element of surprise is yours. You have the advantage—but you still face three undead creatures animated by dark magic and insatiable hunger. You must fight them one at a time: 


ZOMBIE 1 


SKILL 5 STAMINA 6 


ZOMBIE 2 


SKILL 5 STAMINA 6 


ZOMBIE 3 


SKILL 4 STAMINA 5 


Special Ability - Undead Fortitude: When a Zombie is reduced to 0 STAMINA, immediately roll one die. On a result of 5-6, the Zombie refuses to stay down! It survives with 1 STAMINA and continues fighting. 


Fight all three Zombies in sequence! 


If you defeat all three, you can explore this area:


{choice: 259 | search the zombie remains}


{choice: 260 | find a hidden crypt}


{choice: 261 | discover a blessed weapon}


{choice: 262 | find healing supplies}


{choice: 263 | encounter another undead}


{choice: 264 | find a protective amulet}


{choice: 265 | discover a journal}


{choice: 268 | fight a skeleton warrior}


{choice: 269 | find an armory}


{choice: 270 | navigate a trapped passage}


{choice: 271 | encounter a cultist}


{choice: 273 | find a ritual chamber}


{choice: 274 | discover binding notes}


{choice: 276 | find a strength potion}


{choice: 277 | encounter a ghost}


{choice: 278 | find a silver dagger}


{choice: 279 | discover a hidden tomb}


{choice: 280 | find holy water}


Or proceed to main areas:


{choice: 312 | continue toward the manor}


{choice: 127 | explore more of the cemetery}


If your STAMINA drops to 4 or less during the battle: You may attempt to flee. Test your Luck. 


Lucky: You escape successfully. {choice: 346 | Continue}
Unlucky: They catch you before you can flee. You must continue fighting.


Section 181


The ancient bridge suddenly snaps beneath your weight! The rotten wood and frayed ropes can no longer support you, and you plummet into the darkness below. 


{choice: 7 | Continue}
Section 182


You find a POTION OF STRENGTH hidden in a stone niche! The red liquid glows faintly with inner power. 


When drunk before combat, this potion grants +2 SKILL for one combat only. The effect makes you faster, stronger, and more precise in battle— but it only lasts for a single fight. 


Add POTION OF STRENGTH to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 183


The passage ahead ends at a sheer cliff edge with no way forward. The drop disappears into absolute darkness—how far down does it go? You can hear water running far, far below. 


You have no choice but to turn back and find another route. 


{choice: 111 | Continue}
Section 184


You discover a hidden cache behind a loose stone: 


{item: 40 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} 


1 {item: Healing Potion | type=potion | restore=+6 stamina}


Add these items to your Adventure Sheet. 


Fortune favors the thorough! 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 185


A Shadow emerges from the darkness itself, its form barely visible even in direct light—more an absence of light than a physical presence. 


{combat: SHADOW | skill=6 | stamina=4}
Special Ability - Strength Drain: Each time this Shadow successfully wounds you, it permanently reduces your SKILL by 1. The Shadow literally drains your combat capability, making each subsequent round harder. 


Fight the Shadow! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 186


You manage to sneak past a group of cultists successfully! They're so focused on their dark prayers and preparations that they don't notice you slipping through the shadows behind them. 


Your stealth skills have served you well. 


{choice: 245 | Continue}
Section 187


You attempt to open a trapped door, and the mechanism triggers! 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: You notice the trap just in time and avoid it. {choice: 143 | Continue}
If Unlucky: The trap activates! {choice: 58 | Continue}
Section 188


You find another journal entry: 


"The binding weakens with each passing hour. Soon the Widow will be able to walk freely through the mortal realm. Unless someone renews the silver seal and speaks her true name with authority, she will be unstoppable. The curse will spread from Hollow's End to every village, every town, every city. The world of the living will become a feeding ground for the dead." 


The stakes couldn't be higher. 


{choice: 388 | Continue}
Section 189


You discover a pit trap, but your keen eyes spot the pressure plate before you step on it! 


Roll one die: 


On 1-2: Despite seeing it, you accidentally trigger it. {choice: 65 | Continue}
On 3-6: You successfully avoid the trap and continue exploring.


After avoiding the trap, you can explore this section:


{choice: 230 | search a hidden alcove}


{choice: 231 | find a forgotten armory}


{choice: 232 | discover a ritual chamber}


{choice: 233 | find a healing shrine}


{choice: 235 | encounter a sealed door}


{choice: 238 | find an alchemist's notes}


{choice: 239 | discover a tomb}


{choice: 240 | find a silver weapon}


{choice: 242 | encounter a ghost}


{choice: 243 | find a blessed amulet}


{choice: 244 | discover binding chains}


{choice: 246 | fight a phantom servant}


{choice: 248 | encounter a shadow}


{choice: 249 | find a strength potion}


{choice: 251 | discover a map}


{choice: 253 | find healing potions}


{choice: 254 | encounter a cultist}


{choice: 255 | find a journal}


{choice: 256 | discover a secret passage}


{choice: 257 | find a protective ward}


Continue to main areas:


{choice: 155 | proceed to the junction}


{choice: 127 | return to the cemetery}


Section 190


You find a weapons cache hidden in an alcove: 


{item: +1 Mace | type=weapon | bonus=+1 skill} (adds 1 to SKILL when wielded)


This magical mace is particularly effective against skeletal enemies due to its crushing nature. 


Add {item: +1 Mace | type=weapon | bonus=+1 skill} to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 191


The water is cold, deep, and dark. You swim across, feeling things brushing against your legs beneath the surface—things you're grateful you can't see. 


{action: -1 stamina | You lose stamina} from the exhausting swim and the cold. 


You emerge on the far side, dripping and shivering. 


{choice: 221 | Continue}
Section 192


You discover a blessed shrine that radiates holy energy. Resting here rejuvenates you: 


{action: +3 stamina | You restore stamina} and 1 LUCK (maximum of Initial scores). 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 193


A cultist falls with your final blow. Searching the body, you find: 


{item: Cult Medallion | type=other} (symbol of their dark faith) 


Wearing this medallion might allow you to pass as one of them—at least temporarily. 


Add {item: Cult Medallion | type=other} to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 180 | Continue}
Section 194


You carefully scan the tavern while pretending to drink. Behind the bar, partially hidden beneath dishes and glasses, you spot a leather-bound ledger. When the bartender's attention is elsewhere (if such a thing can even be distracted), you quickly snatch it. 


{item: Mayor's Ledger | type=other}! 


Flipping through the pages, you find entries that make your blood run cold: 


Payments to "Hollow Faith" cult dating back decades 


Strange symbols and ritual diagrams 


References to "binding ritual" and "widow's revenge" 


Accounts of family members who died mysteriously


This ledger is damning evidence of the Hollow family's involvement in dark activities—and it contains information that could help you understand and defeat the curse. 


Add {item: Mayor's Ledger | type=other} to your Adventure Sheet. 


As you close the book, the bartender's head snaps toward you with inhuman speed. His smile vanishes, replaced by a snarl that reveals far too many teeth. 


"That doesn't belong to you," he hisses, his voice now layered and wrong. His form begins to ripple and shift—you've been discovered! 


{combat: DOPPELGANGER | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Special Ability - Shapechanger: After taking damage, may confuse you (reduce your Attack Strength by 2 for one round). Fight for your life! 


If you win: {choice: 142 | Continue}
Section 195


You find a skeleton wearing a {item: Silver Ring | type=treasure} on its bony finger. The ring is simple but valuable—worth {item: 30 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} if you sell it, or it can be worn as protection against undead (provides minor defensive bonus). 


Add {item: Silver Ring | type=treasure} to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 127 | Continue}
Section 196


You enter a large natural cavern. Massive stalactites hang from the ceiling like the teeth of some monstrous beast. Water drips constantly, echoing in the space. 


The cavern is eerie and beautiful in equal measure. 


{choice: 221 | Continue}
Section 197


A Skeleton Warrior attacks from the shadows! 


{combat: SKELETON WARRIOR | skill=6 | stamina=5}
Special Weakness: Crushing weapons deal 3 damage instead of 2. 


Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 198


You discover a hidden room containing treasures: 


{item: 50 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} 


SCROLL OF PROTECTION (use once for +2 to all saves during one combat) 


Add these to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 199


The floor suddenly gives way beneath you! 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: You catch yourself and scramble to safety. {choice: 221 | Continue}
If Unlucky: You fall! {choice: 177 | Continue}
Section 200


You find a note warning about the Widow's nature: 


"The Widow cannot be killed—she's already dead. She can only be bound. Silver and her true name are the only keys to imprisonment. Without both, she will break free again and again, growing stronger with each resurrection." 


Add "Widow Cannot Be Killed, Only Bound" to your notes. 


{choice: 378 | Continue}
Section 201


A Ghoul attacks from the shadows with terrifying speed! Its eyes glow with unholy hunger, and its claws are stained with the blood of previous victims. 


{combat: GHOUL | skill=6 | stamina=6}
Special Ability - Paralyzing Touch: Each time the Ghoul successfully wounds you, you must Test your Luck. If Unlucky, the paralytic toxins in its claws take effect, and you {action: -1 skill permanent | You permanently lose skill} point for the remainder of this combat (cumulative). 


The Ghoul is fast, intelligent, and deadly—far more dangerous than the shambling zombies. 


Fight for your life! 


If you win: {choice: 312 | Continue}
Section 202


You find a locked gate blocking your path. The gate is made of heavy iron bars, rusted with age but still sturdy. 


Do you have an {item: Iron Key | type=key} in your possession? 


If yes, you have an {item: Iron Key | type=key}: The key fits perfectly, and the gate swings open with a rusty groan. Turn to 245. If no, you don't have an {item: Iron Key | type=key}: You'll have to try picking the lock. Test your Luck. 


Lucky: After several minutes of work, you manage to pick the lock. {choice: 83 | Continue}
Unlucky: The lock is too complex or too rusted to pick without proper tools. {choice: 111 | Continue}
Section 203


You search the tavern carefully, finding a journal with a chilling entry: 


"The Hollow family's sin haunts us still. My great-great-grandfather murdered Eliza's husband in cold blood, then bound her spirit with forbidden necromancy to prevent her revenge. Every generation since has lived in fear, knowing the curse would eventually break free. Now it has. The dead walk, and vengeance comes for us all. May God forgive us for what we did." 


The journal provides historical context and confirms the depth of the Hollow family's guilt.


You also find a dusty bottle behind the bar containing a dark, swirling liquid. The label has long since faded.


Will you drink the mysterious liquid?


{choice: 2 | drink it}


{choice: 388 | ignore it and review what you've learned}


Section 204


A Shadow emerges from the darkness—a creature of living darkness and malevolence! 


{combat: SHADOW | skill=6 | stamina=4}
Special Ability - Strength Drain: Each successful attack by the Shadow permanently reduces your SKILL by 1. It literally drains your combat capability with every touch. 


Fight the Shadow! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 205


You successfully navigate a trapped corridor, spotting and avoiding multiple pressure plates, tripwires, and suspicious floor stones. Your caution and keen observation have served you well. 


{action: +1 luck | You gain luck} for successfully avoiding what could have been multiple disasters. 


{choice: 245 | Continue}
Section 206


You discover a laboratory chamber hidden behind a concealed door. Inside, dust covers most surfaces, but one table remains clear—as if someone has been here recently. 


On the table lies the {item: Alchemist's Journal | type=other}, a leather-bound tome filled with detailed notes about spectral binding, the Widow's curse, and methods for defeating vengeful spirits. 


The journal is invaluable! It contains: 


Confirmation that the Widow's true name is Eliza Hollow 


Details about how silver can bind spirits 


The importance of timing (midnight for maximum effectiveness) 


Warnings about the Widow's power and how it grows stronger as midnight approaches 


Add {item: Alchemist's Journal | type=other} to your Adventure Sheet. 


This is one of the most critical items in your quest—essential knowledge for defeating the Widow! 


{choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 207


You find a healing fountain—a stone basin filled with crystal-clear water that glows with faint blue light. The water radiates holy energy, untouched by the corruption that permeates this place. 


Drinking from the fountain, you feel its power flowing through you, healing wounds, mending torn flesh, restoring vitality. {action: restore stamina | Your stamina is fully restored} to your Initial value. 


The fountain's blessing is complete and powerful. Take a moment to rest here, knowing you're as healthy as you were when you first entered Hollow's End. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 208


A Phantom Servant blocks your path! The ghostly figure wears the tattered remains of servant's livery and wields a spectral blade that glows with cold light. 


{combat: PHANTOM SERVANT | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Special Ability - Incorporeal: Normal weapons deal only 1 damage instead of 2. Magical or silver weapons deal normal damage. Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 209


The passage ahead slopes downward into darkness. You can hear water dripping somewhere below and the faint sound of something moving through the shadows. 


Do you want to continue down this passage, or go back and try another route? 


If you continue down: {choice: 221 | Continue}
If you go back: {choice: 111 | Continue}
Section 210


You discover a {item: Cloak of Protection | type=armor | bonus=+1 defense} hanging from a hook on the wall! The garment is dark blue, almost black, and surprisingly well preserved. When you touch it, you feel a faint tingle of protective magic. 


This cloak provides: 


+1 to Armor Class (you're harder to hit) 


+1 to all saving throws (you're more resistant to magical effects) 


Add {item: Cloak of Protection | type=armor | bonus=+1 defense} to your Adventure Sheet. 


The cloak fits perfectly, as if made for you specifically. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 211


A Zombie's diseased bite infects you! The wound throbs with unnatural heat, and fever spreads through your body like wildfire. 


{action: -3 stamina | You lose stamina} from the immediate damage. 


{action: -1 skill | Your skill is reduced} temporarily (until you can rest properly or find magical healing). 


The infection makes you slower, clumsier, less effective in combat. You need healing soon. 


{choice: 298 | Continue}
Section 212


You take the right passage into the flooded section. The water is black as ink, cold as death, and already waist-deep. Half-submerged coffins float in the murky liquid, some open, their occupants gone—risen to walk among the undead, no doubt. 


The rot smell is overwhelming, making your stomach churn. You wade forward slowly, each step careful, trying not to think about what might be lurking beneath the surface. 


Suddenly, something moves beneath the water—you see ripples spreading outward from a disturbance you can't see. Something large is down there, and it's noticed you. 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: You see it coming and can prepare yourself! Turn to 250 (you spot the threat). 


If Unlucky: It attacks from below without warning! Turn to 275 (ambush from beneath).


Section 213


You find a secret armory hidden behind a sliding stone panel! Most of the weapons inside have rusted beyond use, but one item remains pristine: {item: +1 Longsword | type=weapon | bonus=+1 skill} 


This magical blade adds +1 to your SKILL when wielded. The sword is perfectly balanced, its blade etched with power runes that glow faintly in darkness. 


Add {item: +1 Longsword | type=weapon | bonus=+1 skill} to your Adventure Sheet. 


If you already have a magical weapon, you must choose which to use—only one weapon can provide bonuses at a time. {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 214


The passage ends at a massive cave-in. Tons of earth and stone block any forward progress. You'd need days to dig through this, if it's even possible. 


Frustrated, you're forced to turn back. 


{choice: 111 | Continue}
Section 215


You find a POTION OF HEALING in a hidden niche! The red liquid swirls with magical energy. 


Add POTION OF HEALING to your Adventure Sheet (restores 6 STAMINA when drunk). 


{choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 216


A trap activates! Darts shoot from hidden slots in the walls. 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: You see them coming and dodge aside. {choice: 155 | Continue}
If Unlucky: Several darts strike home. {action: -4 stamina | You lose stamina} from the wounds and poison. {choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 217


You successfully climb a shaft that leads upward through the earth. Your hands and arms ache from the effort, but you emerge into the manor's basement. 


The air here is slightly less oppressive than in the catacombs below, though still heavy with the scent of decay and abandonment. {choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 218


A Skeleton Warrior guards this passage! It stands at attention, animated by dark magic, wielding a corroded but still-deadly blade. 


{combat: SKELETON WARRIOR | skill=6 | stamina=5}
Special Weakness: Crushing weapons (maces, clubs) deal 3 damage instead of 2. 


Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 219


You find a blessed {item: Holy Symbol | type=other} lying on an altar. When worn, this symbol provides +1 to all saving throws against undead creatures. Add {item: Holy Symbol | type=other} to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 127 | Continue}
Section 220


The ancient bridge collapses beneath you! 


Turn to 7 (rope breaks and you fall).


Section 221


You enter the flooded section of the catacombs. Black water laps at your ankles, rising to your knees as you wade deeper. The cold is shocking, seeping through your boots and clothing to chill your very bones. Half-submerged coffins float in the murky depths, their lids long since rotted away.


The smell is overwhelming—stagnant water, decay, and something else, something that speaks of things long dead but not quite resting. Your lantern casts flickering reflections across the dark surface, and you catch glimpses of movement beneath—shapes that might be debris or might be something far worse.


Roll one die to see what happens:


On 1: Something grabs your leg from below! {choice: 266 | Continue}
On 2: You slip on something unseen! Test your Luck. Lucky: You recover. Unlucky: {choice: 50 | Continue}
On 3: A Ghoul emerges from the water! {choice: 201 | Continue}
On 4: You find something valuable floating! {choice: 184 | Continue}
On 5: The water rises suddenly! {choice: 134 | Continue}
On 6: You wade through safely. Continue exploring.


Exploration Options:


{choice: 172 | swim across a deeper section}


{choice: 191 | follow the water to a cavern}


{choice: 196 | enter a large natural cavern}


{choice: 209 | follow a sloping passage downward}


{choice: 241 | investigate ripples in the water}


{choice: 75 | explore a rat-infested passage}


{choice: 107 | test a suspicious floor section}


{choice: 123 | search an alcove}


{choice: 182 | look for potions}


{choice: 190 | search for weapons}


{choice: 215 | find healing supplies}


{choice: 151 | find rope}


{choice: 162 | find a hidden cache}


{choice: 174 | deal with rat swarm}


Exit the flooded section:


{choice: 155 | return to the main junction}


{choice: 301 | proceed toward the manor}


Section 222


A cultist spots you and attacks immediately! 


{combat: CULTIST | skill=5 | stamina=4}
Special Quality - Fanatic: Fights to the death with no thought of surrender. 


Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 3 | Continue}
Section 223


You find a MAP OF THE MANOR showing secret passages, hidden rooms, and the building's overall layout. This will prove invaluable when you reach the manor! 


Add {item: Manor Map | type=other} to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 245 | Continue}
Section 224


The passage is heavily trapped with tripwires and pressure plates. 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: You spot and avoid all the traps. {choice: 245 | Continue}
If Unlucky: You trigger a trap! {choice: 97 | Continue}
Section 225


You find 50 feet of ROPE coiled neatly and hanging from a hook. This versatile tool could prove invaluable. 


Add ROPE to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 226


You discover a hidden cache tucked behind a loose stone in the wall: 


{item: 30 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} 


{item: 2 Provisions | type=food | restore=+4 stamina} 


Add these items to your Adventure Sheet. 


Every bit of supplies helps in a place like this. 


{choice: 111 | Continue}
Section 227


A Phantom Servant materializes before you, blocking the passage! Its translucent form glows with cold blue light, and it wields a spectral weapon. 


{combat: PHANTOM SERVANT | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Special Ability - Incorporeal: Normal weapons deal 1 damage instead of 2. Magical or silver weapons deal normal damage. Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 228


The floor feels unstable beneath your feet, the wood creaking ominously with each step. 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: You step carefully and cross the weak section without incident. {choice: 301 | Continue}
If Unlucky: Turn to 152 (the floor gives way).


Section 229


You find a diary with critical information: 


"The curse grows stronger by the hour. Only the Widow's true name combined with silver can bind her spirit now. Without both, she will be unstoppable. Midnight is the hour of greatest supernatural power—that's when the binding must be performed." 


Add this timing information to your notes. 


{choice: 378 | Continue}
Section 230


A Shadow emerges from your own shadow! The creature is part of the darkness itself, and it reaches for you with cold, insubstantial fingers. 


{combat: SHADOW | skill=6 | stamina=4}
Special Ability - Strength Drain: Each wound permanently reduces SKILL by 1. 


Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 231


You successfully navigate through a maze-like section of passages. Your sense of direction serves you well. 


{choice: 245 | Continue}
Section 232


You enter a grand chamber with vaulted ceilings that disappear into darkness above. This must be part of the manor's foundation, built directly over the ancient catacombs. 


The architecture is impressive despite the decay—carved columns, intricate stonework, and the remnants of once-beautiful frescoes on the walls. {choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 233


A Ghoul leaps from a hidden alcove! 


{combat: GHOUL | skill=6 | stamina=6}
Special Ability - Paralyzing Touch: Each wound requires a Luck test or lose 1 SKILL for combat. 


Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 312 | Continue}
Section 234


You approach the Mayor's manor and knock firmly on the heavy wooden door. After a long moment, you hear footsteps approaching from inside. The door opens just a crack, and you see a haggard man with dark circles under his eyes—Mayor Aldric Hollow. 


"Thank the gods!" he gasps, tears forming in his eyes. "An adventurer! Please, come in quickly!" He pulls you inside and immediately bolts the door behind you, checking multiple locks with trembling hands. 


The Mayor looks terrible—unwashed, unshaven, his fine clothes wrinkled and stained. He's clearly been living in fear for days, perhaps weeks. 


"Three days ago," he begins without preamble, his voice cracking with emotion, "my daughter Lydia was taken. Robed figures—cultists—dragged her down into the catacombs beneath the cemetery. I'm too terrified to go after her myself. The undead attack this house every night." 


He provides you with supplies:


3 {item: Healing Potion | type=potion | restore=+4 stamina} 


{item: Silver Dagger | type=weapon | bonus=+2 attack} 


{item: 50 Gold Pieces | type=treasure}


{item: Mayor's Ledger | type=other} (if you don't have it)


Add these items to your Adventure Sheet. 


The Mayor's offer is clear: rescue Lydia from the catacombs, and he'll give you the {item: Silver Key | type=key}—one of the three critical items needed to bind the Widow permanently.


Search the Mayor's manor for more information:


{choice: 10 | search the study}


{choice: 12 | examine family portraits}


{choice: 13 | search the library}


{choice: 16 | find the family vault}


{choice: 19 | examine the wine cellar}


{choice: 20 | search bedrooms}


{choice: 26 | find a hidden safe}


{choice: 27 | discover ancestral journals}


{choice: 34 | search the attic}


{choice: 39 | trigger a trap (danger!)}


{choice: 41 | cause a ceiling collapse (danger!)}


{choice: 44 | find old correspondence}


{choice: 48 | test an old rope}


{choice: 53 | examine the garden}


{choice: 56 | find a servant's diary}


{choice: 57 | discover cult artifacts}


{choice: 58 | find weapons cache}


{choice: 62 | search the kitchen}


{choice: 67 | find family records}


{choice: 71 | examine a strange mirror}


{choice: 72 | find healing supplies}


{choice: 85 | discover a secret passage}


{choice: 87 | find an old map}


{choice: 92 | examine a cursed painting}


{choice: 94 | find a protective amulet}


{choice: 96 | discover a sealed letter}


{choice: 98 | find the original binding notes}


{choice: 102 | examine the family crypt entrance}


{choice: 105 | find a silver weapon}


{choice: 112 | discover ancestral armor}


{choice: 114 | find a blessing scroll}


{choice: 116 | read about the curse origin}


Leave the manor:


{choice: 127 | head to the cemetery and enter the catacombs}


{choice: 45 | visit the tavern}


{choice: 77 | explore the village}


Section 235


The door ahead is magically sealed, covered in glowing runes that pulse with power. 


Do you have the {item: Alchemist's Journal | type=other}? 


If yes: The journal contains the counter-spell! You speak the words, and the runes fade. {choice: 355 | Continue}
If no: Without knowledge of the counter-spell, you can't break this seal. {choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 236


You proceed toward the candlelight ahead. The passage opens into a ritual chamber, and what you see makes your blood run cold: 


Black candles arranged in a circle cast flickering shadows across the walls. In the center sits an ancient altar stained with blood—centuries of blood, layer upon layer. Strange symbols pulse with dark energy around the altar's perimeter, and the air itself seems thick with malevolence. 


On the altar lie ritual implements: a bone dagger, silver chalices, and a book written in an ancient language that hurts your eyes to look at. This is clearly where cultists perform their dark ceremonies. 


Do you have the {item: Mayor's Ledger | type=other} with information about cult symbols? 


If you have the ledger: You recognize these symbols from the ledger! They're part of the original binding ritual. Understanding them gives you insight into how the Widow was first imprisoned. Turn to 14 (you gain important knowledge). 


If you don't have the ledger: The symbols are meaningless to you—just mysterious markings on ancient stone. Turn to 104 (examine the ritual book). 


You could also: 


Destroy the altar to weaken the curse (Turn to 80) 


Continue deeper into the catacombs: west passage (Turn to 155) or east passage (Turn to 267)


Section 237


You find a skeleton with a carved warning: "TURN BACK OR JOIN US" 


The warning is ominous but provides no useful information beyond a reminder that many have died here before you. {choice: 127 | Continue}
Section 238


A Skeleton Warrior blocks the passage ahead! 


{combat: SKELETON WARRIOR | skill=6 | stamina=5}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 239


You discover a hidden armory behind a concealed door: 


{item: +1 Mace | type=weapon | bonus=+1 skill} (adds 1 to SKILL; especially effective against skeletons) 


Add {item: +1 Mace | type=weapon | bonus=+1 skill} to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 240


You find a locked iron door secured with heavy chains and a massive lock. 


Do you have an {item: Iron Key | type=key}? 


If yes: The key fits perfectly. {choice: 267 | Continue}
If no: You'll have to try forcing it. Test your Luck. 


Lucky: {choice: 5 | Continue}
Unlucky: {choice: 28 | Continue}
Section 241


You see ripples approaching beneath the water's surface. Something is swimming toward you! You dodge aside just as a waterlogged corpse lunges where you were standing. 


The creature is a DROWNED ZOMBIE—bloated, waterlogged, but still dangerous. 


Do you want to fight it or continue through the water cautiously? 


If you fight: {choice: 62 | Continue}
If you continue cautiously past it: {choice: 221 | Continue}
Section 242


You find a POTION OF STRENGTH hidden in a niche! The red liquid glows with power. 


When drunk before combat, this potion grants +2 SKILL for one combat only. 


Add POTION OF STRENGTH to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 243


A cultist guards this passage! 


{combat: CULTIST | skill=5 | stamina=4}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 180 | Continue}
Section 244


You discover a prayer shrine, surprisingly well-preserved. Kneeling and offering a prayer, you feel spiritually fortified. Restore 2 LUCK (maximum of Initial LUCK). 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 245


The floor suddenly collapses beneath you! 


Roll one die: 


On 1-2: Turn to 4 (spike pit death). 


On 3-6: You jump back just in time! The section of floor crumbles into darkness below, but you've landed safely on solid ground. Heart pounding, you carefully edge around the collapsed section and continue. {choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 246


A Phantom Servant materializes without warning! 


{combat: PHANTOM SERVANT | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Incorporeal: Normal weapons deal 1 damage. 


Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 247


You find a journal entry: 


"The Widow's power grows as midnight approaches. Only with her true name, silver binding, and perfect timing can she be sealed. Without all three, the binding will fail and she'll be free to spread her curse across the land." 


{choice: 378 | Continue}
Section 248


A Shadow attacks from the darkness! 


{combat: SHADOW | skill=6 | stamina=4}
Strength Drain: Each wound permanently reduces SKILL by 1. 


Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 249


You successfully navigate a trapped corridor, avoiding multiple hazards. 


{action: +1 luck | You gain luck} for your careful passage. 


{choice: 245 | Continue}
Section 250


You find a small storage room containing: 


{item: 2 Provisions | type=food | restore=+4 stamina} 


{item: 20 Gold Pieces | type=treasure}


Add these to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 251


A Ghoul attacks from hiding! 


{combat: GHOUL | skill=6 | stamina=6}
Paralyzing Touch: Each wound requires Luck test or lose 1 SKILL. 


Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 312 | Continue}
Section 252


You find a {item: Silver Amulet | type=other} hanging from a skeleton's neck. The amulet provides +1 to all saving throws against undead creatures. Add {item: Silver Amulet | type=other} to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 127 | Continue}
Section 253


The passage slopes upward, climbing through the earth toward the surface. After several minutes of steady ascent, you emerge into a higher level. {choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 254


A Skeleton Warrior guards this section! 


{combat: SKELETON WARRIOR | skill=6 | stamina=5}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 255


You discover a hidden cache: 


{item: 40 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} 


1 {item: Healing Potion | type=potion | restore=+6 stamina} 


Add these to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 256


The floor ahead is trapped! 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: You spot the trap and avoid it. {choice: 301 | Continue}
If Unlucky: Turn to 97 (trap activates).


Section 257


A cultist attacks! 


{combat: CULTIST | skill=5 | stamina=4}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 180 | Continue}
Section 258


You take the eastern passage deeper into the catacombs. The air grows colder with each step, your breath misting in the frigid atmosphere. Frost forms on the walls—impossible this deep underground, yet there it is, glittering in your lantern light. 


Warning symbols carved into the stone line the passage: skulls and crossed bones, ancient warnings in languages you don't recognize, protective wards that have clearly failed. 


The passage ends at a massive iron door bearing the Hollow family crest. The door is sealed with a heavy lock covered in occult symbols. Do you have the {item: Brass Key | type=key} inscribed with strange symbols? 


If yes, you have the {item: Brass Key | type=key}: The symbols on the key match those on the lock perfectly. This is what the key was made for. Turn to 5. If no, you don't have the {item: Brass Key | type=key}: You'll have to try forcing the door. Test your Luck. 


Lucky: Through sheer strength and determination, you manage to break the lock. {choice: 27 | Continue}
Unlucky: The door won't budge. It's too well made, too heavily reinforced. {choice: 28 | Continue}
Or you could go back and explore elsewhere: {choice: 111 | Continue}
Section 259


You find a MAP OF THE MANOR'S SECRET PASSAGES! This detailed map shows hidden corridors, concealed rooms, and safe routes through the cursed building. 


Add {item: Manor Map | type=other} to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 245 | Continue}
Section 260


A Shadow emerges from the darkness! 


{combat: SHADOW | skill=6 | stamina=4}
Strength Drain: Each wound permanently reduces SKILL by 1. 


Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 261


You find a blessed fountain filled with holy water. Drinking from it restores you completely. 


{action: restore stamina | Your stamina is fully restored} to Initial value. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 262


The passage opens into the manor's cellar. Stone stairs lead upward into the cursed building itself. You've reached the Spectral Manor—the heart of the curse, where the Widow waits. 


The air here feels different—heavy with malevolence, thick with supernatural energy. Every instinct screams at you to turn back, but you've come too far to retreat now. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 263


A Phantom Servant blocks your path! 


{combat: PHANTOM SERVANT | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Incorporeal: Normal weapons deal 1 damage. 


Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 264


You discover a {item: Cloak of Shadows | type=other} in a hidden chest! This dark garment makes you significantly harder to detect. Add {item: Cloak of Shadows | type=other} to your Adventure Sheet (adds +2 to all stealth attempts). 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 265


The door ahead is locked with a complex mechanism. 


Do you have a {item: Silver Key | type=key}? 


If yes: The key fits! {choice: 355 | Continue}
If no: Test your Luck. 


Lucky: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Unlucky: {choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 266


A submerged Zombie grabs your leg and pulls you under the black water! You must fight while drowning! 


{combat: DROWNED ZOMBIE | skill=4 | stamina=5}
Special Rule: Fight this combat with -2 SKILL due to fighting underwater. You cannot breathe, cannot see clearly, and your movements are sluggish in the water. 


If you win: You surface, gasping and coughing. {action: -2 stamina | You lose stamina} from near-drowning. {choice: 221 | Continue}
Section 267


You've entered the eastern section of the catacombs—a vast chamber with vaulted ceilings that disappear into darkness above. The air here is colder than the passages behind you, and you can see your breath misting in the frigid atmosphere. Ancient warning runes cover the walls, their meanings lost to time but their intent clear: danger lies ahead.


The chamber branches into multiple passages, each offering different opportunities for exploration. Stone pillars support the ceiling, their surfaces carved with scenes of binding rituals and spectral imprisonment. Rusted chains hang from iron rings embedded in the walls—remnants of some ancient attempt to contain something powerful.


What do you do?


Search the chamber:


{choice: 94 | examine journals and notes left by previous explorers}


{choice: 158 | search for information about the Wight}


{choice: 175 | find documents about midnight timing}


{choice: 200 | investigate the warning runes more closely}


Explore deeper:


{choice: 5 | approach the sealed eastern door (if you have the {item: Brass Key | type=key})}


{choice: 180 | continue exploring the catacombs carefully}


{choice: 245 | head toward the ritual chambers}


Return to main areas:


{choice: 155 | return to the main catacomb junction}


{choice: 301 | search for stairs leading to the manor}


Section 268


A Skeleton Warrior attacks! 


{combat: SKELETON WARRIOR | skill=6 | stamina=5}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 269


You find a hidden armory: 


{item: +1 Longsword | type=weapon | bonus=+1 skill} (adds 1 to SKILL) 


Add to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 270


The passage is trapped! 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: {choice: 301 | Continue}
If Unlucky: {choice: 58 | Continue}
Section 271


A cultist guards the way! 


{combat: CULTIST | skill=5 | stamina=4}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 180 | Continue}
Section 272


You find a prayer book that grants temporary power. 


For your next combat only: +1 SKILL and +1 LUCK. 


{choice: 127 | Continue}
Section 273


A Ghoul leaps from the shadows! 


{combat: GHOUL | skill=6 | stamina=6}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 312 | Continue}
Section 274


You find a detailed {item: Manor Map | type=other} showing all floors, rooms, and important locations. Add {item: Manor Map | type=other} MAP to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 275


The floor collapses! 


Roll one die: 


On 1-2: {choice: 4 | Continue}
On 3-6: You dodge! {choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 276


A Shadow materializes! 


{combat: SHADOW | skill=6 | stamina=4}
Strength Drain: Each wound permanently reduces SKILL by 1. 


Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 277


You successfully navigate through a maze-like section of passages. Your careful attention to landmarks and direction serves you well. {choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 278


A Phantom Servant attacks! 


{combat: PHANTOM SERVANT | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Incorporeal: Normal weapons deal 1 damage. 


Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 279


You discover a hidden cache: 


{item: 50 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} 


2 {item: Healing Potion | type=potion | restore=+4 stamina} 


Add these to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 280


You find a storage room with supplies: 


{item: 3 Provisions | type=food | restore=+4 stamina}


Add to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 281


You investigate the candlelight ahead and discover a small shrine with offerings: candles, wilted flowers, and coins left by villagers over the years. A plaque reads: "To those lost to the curse. May you find peace." 


Among the offerings, you find: 


{item: 15 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} 


A NOTE: "The Widow cannot rest while the Hollow family lives. The curse ends when the binding is renewed properly or the family line ends completely." 


This is troubling information. Mayor Aldric is the last of the Hollow line—does that mean he's in danger? 


Add this information to your notes. 


{choice: 111 | continue exploring.}


Section 282


A Skeleton Warrior blocks the passage! 


{combat: SKELETON WARRIOR | skill=6 | stamina=5}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 283


You discover a blessed shrine. Resting here rejuvenates you: 


{action: +4 stamina | You restore stamina} and 1 LUCK (maximum of Initial scores). 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 284


A cultist attacks from ambush! 


{combat: CULTIST | skill=5 | stamina=4}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 180 | Continue}
Section 285


You find another journal entry: 


"The binding weakens with each generation. Soon the Widow will walk free unless someone renews the silver seal with her true name. The ritual must be perfect, the timing precise, or we're all doomed." 


{choice: 378 | Continue}
Section 286


A Shadow emerges! 


{combat: SHADOW | skill=6 | stamina=4}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 287


The passage ends at a massive chasm with no visible bottom. You can hear water rushing far, far below. There's no way across, no way forward. Turn back. {choice: 111 | Continue}
Section 288


A Phantom Servant materializes! 


{combat: PHANTOM SERVANT | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 289


You step into the cemetery, and the mist immediately swirls up around your ankles like grasping fingers made of cold vapor. As the mist clears slightly, your worst fears are realized—you're surrounded! 


Three Zombies emerge from freshly opened graves, their moaning filling the air with sounds of hunger and mindless rage. But these aren't the only threats. Perched on a gravestone like some grotesque gargoyle sits a Ghoul, its eyes glowing with unholy intelligence, its long claws clicking together in anticipation. This creature is far more dangerous than the Zombies—faster, smarter, and equipped with paralytic toxins in its claws. 


You must fight them all! The Zombies first, one at a time, and then the cunning Ghoul. 


ZOMBIE 1 


SKILL 5 STAMINA 6 


ZOMBIE 2 


SKILL 5 STAMINA 6 


ZOMBIE 3 


SKILL 4 STAMINA 5 


All Zombies have Undead Fortitude: When reduced to 0 STAMINA, roll one die. On 5-6, they survive with 1 STAMINA. After defeating all three Zombies, you must immediately fight: 


{combat: GHOUL | skill=6 | stamina=6}
Ghoul's Paralyzing Touch: Each time the Ghoul wounds you, Test your Luck. If Unlucky, the toxins take effect and you lose 1 SKILL for the remainder of this combat (cumulative—each failed test makes you weaker). 


If you defeat all enemies: {choice: 312 | Continue}
If your STAMINA drops to 4 or less during battle: You may attempt to flee. Test your Luck. 


Lucky: You escape. {choice: 346 | Continue}
Unlucky: They catch you. Continue fighting.


Section 290


You find a {item: Potion of Invisibility | type=potion | other} hidden in an alcove! The clear liquid shimmers with rainbow reflections. 


Add {item: Potion of Invisibility | type=potion | other} to your Adventure Sheet (grants 10 minutes of invisibility or until you attack). {choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 291


A Ghoul attacks! 


{combat: GHOUL | skill=6 | stamina=6}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 312 | Continue}
Section 292


You enter the Spectral Manor proper. The walls shimmer and phase between solid and translucent, between real and ghostly. Through the semi transparent walls, you can see ghostly scenes playing out like memories trapped in time: 


A wedding ceremony in progress, beautiful and joyful 


The same ceremony interrupted by violence, blood spreading across white flowers 


A bride screaming in anguish as her husband falls 


The bride being dragged away by armed men 


Silver chains wrapping around a spectral form 


And then... nothing but rage and darkness 


These are the Widow's memories, replaying endlessly in the fabric of the manor itself. 


The grand entrance hall has three doorways: 


Left doorway: You can see into what appears to be a ballroom where ghostly figures dance eternally to music you can't hear, trapped in their final moments of joy before the curse consumed them. 


Center doorway: A grand staircase ascends into darkness, its steps worn smooth by centuries of footsteps. 


Right doorway: A corridor lined with portraits, though every face has been scratched out with furious claws, as if the Widow herself destroyed the images of the Hollow family in her rage. 


Turn to 335 for the ballroom 


Turn to 355 for the staircase 


Turn to 378 for the corridor


Section 293


A Skeleton Warrior guards the entrance! 


{combat: SKELETON WARRIOR | skill=6 | stamina=5}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 294


You find a hidden room: 


{item: 50 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} 


SCROLL OF PROTECTION (use once for +2 to all saves during one combat)


Add these to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 295


The floor is trapped! 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: {choice: 301 | Continue}
If Unlucky: {choice: 97 | Continue}
Section 296


A cultist attacks! 


{combat: CULTIST | skill=5 | stamina=4}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 180 | Continue}
Section 297


You've successfully fought your way through the undead and cultist-infested catacombs. Your path has been treacherous, your battles many, but you're still standing. 


Before you, the passage opens into what can only be described as the threshold between the world of the living and the realm of the dead. The Spectral Manor awaits—a building that exists partially in both worlds, held together by the Widow's rage and dark magic. 


The time for the final confrontation approaches. Do you have everything you need? 


Check your inventory: 


Do you have the {item: Silver Key | type=key}? (Critical for binding) 


Do you know the Widow's TRUE NAME? (Eliza Hollow) 


Do you understand that midnight is when you must perform the binding? 


If you have all three pieces of crucial knowledge, victory is possible. If you're missing any, the final battle will be far more difficult—perhaps impossible. 


Steel yourself. The Widow waits ahead, and she's been waiting for 242 years to unleash her vengeance. 


{choice: 301 | enter the Spectral Manor.}


Section 298


You attempt to cross the cemetery and are immediately attacked by the risen dead! Zombies claw their way from graves, Ghouls emerge from crypts, and the very earth seems to reject the living. 


You're surrounded and must fight! 


Turn to 289 (surrounded by Zombies and a Ghoul).


After the battle, if you survive, you can explore this section of the cemetery:


{choice: 282 | search a mausoleum}


{choice: 283 | find a hidden vault}


{choice: 284 | discover a blessing shrine}


{choice: 286 | find a silver weapon}


{choice: 287 | encounter a spectre}


{choice: 288 | find healing supplies}


{choice: 290 | discover a journal}


{choice: 291 | find a protective ward}


{choice: 292 | encounter cultists}


{choice: 293 | find a ritual chamber}


{choice: 294 | discover binding notes}


{choice: 295 | find a strength potion}


{choice: 296 | encounter a ghost}


{choice: 297 | find an ancient tomb}


{choice: 299 | find a potion cache}


{choice: 300 | approach the manor}


Or retreat to safer areas:


{choice: 127 | fall back to the cemetery entrance}


{choice: 155 | enter the catacombs}


Section 299


You find a POTION OF STRENGTH in a hidden niche! 


Add POTION OF STRENGTH to your Adventure Sheet (+2 SKILL for one combat). 


{choice: 155 | Continue}
Section 300


You stand at the threshold of the Spectral Manor. Behind you lie the catacombs, the cemetery, the village of Hollow's End—all the places you've fought through to reach this moment. Ahead lies the heart of the curse, the source of all this death and suffering. 


The manor itself seems to pulse with malevolent energy, its walls shifting between solid and ghostly, between the real world and some darker realm. You can feel the Widow's presence like a weight pressing down on you, watching you, waiting for you.   
This is it. The final confrontation approaches. Every decision you've made, every item you've gathered, every ally you've helped—all of it has led to this moment. 


Are you ready to face the Widow and end the Curse of Hollow's End? 


{choice: 301 | enter the manor and begin the final phase of your quest.}


Section 301


You step into the Spectral Manor, and the atmosphere changes immediately. The air is thick, heavy, oppressive—not just physically but spiritually, as if the very essence of death and despair has saturated every stone, every beam, every inch of this cursed place. 


The manor exists in a state between worlds. The walls shimmer and phase, sometimes solid stone and wood, sometimes translucent and ghostly. Through the transparent sections, you can see into other rooms, other times—memories playing out like theatrical performances trapped in amber. 


The temperature fluctuates wildly. One moment, you're shivering in bone-deep cold. The next, you feel phantom warmth from fires that burned centuries ago. Shadows move independently of their sources. Sounds echo from empty rooms—footsteps, voices, crying, laughter, screaming. 


This is the heart of the curse. This is where Eliza Hollow was murdered. This is where her rage has festered for 242 years. The grand entrance hall stretches before you, its once-magnificent architecture now corrupted by supernatural malevolence.


Roll one die to determine what you encounter:


On 1: A Shadow emerges from the darkness! {choice: 204 | Continue}
On 2: A Phantom Servant materializes! {choice: 302 | Continue}
On 3: A Skeleton Warrior guards the way! {choice: 309 | Continue}
On 4: You find a hidden cache! {choice: 313 | Continue}
On 5: The floor feels unstable... {choice: 304 | Continue}
On 6: You discover a blessed shrine! {choice: 305 | Continue}
After resolving the encounter, you may explore the manor. Several paths lie open:


Main Areas:


Turn to 335 for the ballroom (ghostly dancers)


Turn to 355 for the grand staircase (ascending into darkness)


Turn to 378 for the portrait corridor (scratched-out faces)


Additional Rooms to Search:


{choice: 303 | search for a hidden study}


{choice: 307 | investigate the weapons room}


{choice: 315 | examine the mirror room}


{choice: 318 | look for secret passages}


{choice: 321 | explore the library}


{choice: 326 | search the family records room}


{choice: 332 | investigate the wedding gifts room}


{choice: 339 | search for treasure}


{choice: 345 | explore the nursery}


{choice: 350 | find the ceremonial weapons}


{choice: 366 | search the armory}


{choice: 375 | visit the chapel}


Section 302


A Phantom Servant materializes in your path! This ghost wears the tattered remains of butler's livery and moves with eerie grace. 


{combat: PHANTOM SERVANT | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Special Ability - Incorporeal: Normal weapons deal only 1 damage instead of 2. Magical or silver weapons deal normal damage. Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 303


You discover a hidden study behind a sliding bookshelf. The room is surprisingly well-preserved, as if someone has been maintaining it despite the manor's general decay. 


On the desk, you find crucial documents: 


{item: Alchemist's Journal | type=other} (if you don't already have it) 


A map showing the location of the Hollow family tomb in the cemetery 


A letter written in a shaking hand: "To whoever finds this: The {item: Amulet of the Grave | type=other} rests in our family tomb. It can absorb dark energy and protect against spectral attacks. You'll need it to survive a confrontation with the Widow."


Add this information to your notes. 


{choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 304


The floor beneath you groans ominously, and you realize too late that you're standing on a weak section! 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: You manage to step back before the floor collapses completely. {choice: 301 | Continue}
If Unlucky: Turn to 117 (the floor gives way).


Section 305


You find a blessed shrine room, surprisingly untouched by the corruption that pervades the rest of the manor. Perhaps some lingering holiness protects this small space. 


Praying at the shrine restores your spirit: 


{action: +4 stamina | You restore stamina} and 2 LUCK (maximum of Initial scores). 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 306


A Shadow emerges from the darkness of the manor itself! 


{combat: SHADOW | skill=6 | stamina=4}
Special Ability - Strength Drain: Each wound permanently reduces your SKILL by 1. 


Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 307


You discover a weapons room that was once the manor's armory. Most weapons have rusted or been taken, but one remains: {item: +1 Longsword | type=weapon | bonus=+1 skill} 


This blade adds +1 to your SKILL and was forged specifically to fight supernatural threats. 


Add {item: +1 Longsword | type=weapon | bonus=+1 skill} to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 308


You hear chanting echoing through the manor walls—the cultists are here, performing their dark ritual somewhere above you. The voices rise and fall in disturbing patterns that make your head ache. 


You must hurry! Time is running out. 


{action: -1 stamina | You lose stamina} from running up multiple flights of stairs. 


{choice: 378 | Continue}
Section 309


A Skeleton Warrior guards this section of the manor! 


{combat: SKELETON WARRIOR | skill=6 | stamina=5}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 310


You find a diary belonging to a Hollow family member: 


"The guilt haunts me. Every night, I dream of her—the Widow in her blood-stained dress, reaching for me with spectral hands. I see Thomas Ashford falling, his blood spreading across white marble. I hear Eliza's screams. The curse is real, and it's our family's fault. We murdered an innocent man and imprisoned an innocent soul. Now we pay the price, generation after generation." 


{choice: 388 | Continue}
Section 311


A Ghoul leaps from the shadows! 


{combat: GHOUL | skill=6 | stamina=6}
Paralyzing Touch: Each wound requires a Luck test or lose 1 SKILL for combat. 


Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 312 | Continue}
Section 312


You've defeated the undead creatures blocking your path! Their bodies (or what remains of them) lie scattered around you—Zombies returned to their graves, a Ghoul's corpse already beginning to decay into dust, skeletal warriors collapsed into piles of bones. 


The battle was hard-fought, and you're wounded and exhausted, but you're alive. That's what matters. 


Searching the area carefully, you find: 


{item: 20 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} scattered among the remains 


1 {item: Healing Potion | type=potion | restore=+4 stamina} tucked into a Ghoul's belt pouch 


A KEY that might open doors deeper in the manor 


Add these items to your Adventure Sheet. 


More importantly, the path ahead is now clear. You can continue exploring without immediately facing more undead... though you know more horrors await.


The cemetery has many areas still to explore:


{choice: 17 | explore the Hollow family tomb}


{choice: 33 | investigate a collapsed crypt}


{choice: 36 | search another section of graves}


{choice: 42 | examine an ancient mausoleum}


{choice: 60 | look for hidden passages}


{choice: 63 | search cult markings}


{choice: 68 | investigate a ritual site}


{choice: 76 | examine an ancient tapestry}


{choice: 82 | find a skeleton with a diary}


{choice: 88 | search for a prayer book}


{choice: 91 | examine a cultist's belongings}


{choice: 100 | follow a trail of blood}


{choice: 118 | discover a silver locket}


{choice: 125 | find a secret shrine}


{choice: 143 | locate a {item: Holy Symbol | type=other}}


{choice: 171 | find a silver dagger}


{choice: 195 | find a {item: Silver Ring | type=treasure}}


{choice: 219 | find another {item: Holy Symbol | type=other}}


{choice: 252 | find a {item: Silver Amulet | type=other}}


Or proceed toward the manor:


{choice: 301 | enter the Spectral Manor}


{choice: 155 | explore more catacombs first}


Section 313


You find a hidden cache behind a loose stone: 


{item: 30 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} 


{item: 2 Provisions | type=food | restore=+4 stamina} 


Add these to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 314


A Phantom Servant blocks your path! 


{combat: PHANTOM SERVANT | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Incorporeal: Normal weapons deal 1 damage. 


Fight!   
If you win: {choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 315


You discover a room filled with mirrors, each one reflecting not your current appearance but different versions of you—some showing you as you were when you entered Hollow's End, some showing you wounded and dying, some showing you victorious, some showing you as an undead servant of the Widow. 


The mirrors are disorienting, perhaps even dangerous. One mirror in particular seems to pull at your consciousness, trying to trap you in its reflection. 


Test your Luck. 


If Lucky: You resist the pull and leave the mirror room unharmed. {choice: 301 | Continue}
If Unlucky: The mirror's magic affects you! {action: -2 stamina | You lose stamina} and 1 LUCK as part of your vitality is briefly trapped in the reflection. You manage to break free, but you're weakened. {choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 316


You find a journal entry: 


"Midnight approaches. The Widow's power peaks when the clock strikes twelve. Only at that precise moment, with her true name spoken while holding silver, can she be bound. Without all three components—name, silver, and timing—the binding will fail and she'll destroy us all." 


{choice: 378 | Continue}
Section 317


A Shadow attacks from the manor's darkness! 


{combat: SHADOW | skill=6 | stamina=4}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 318


You discover a secret passage behind a sliding panel! This passage bypasses several dangerous rooms and leads directly to the upper floors. {action: +1 luck | You gain luck} for this fortunate discovery. 


{choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 319


You find a storage room: 


{item: 3 Provisions | type=food | restore=+4 stamina} 


{item: 40 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} 


Add these to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 320


A Skeleton Warrior guards the stairwell! 


{combat: SKELETON WARRIOR | skill=6 | stamina=5}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 321


You discover a library filled with ancient books. Most are rotted beyond reading, but one tome remains intact: a history of the Hollow family that confirms everything you've learned about the curse. 


The book includes detailed accounts of the wedding massacre, the binding ritual, and predictions about when the binding would fail. Add "Complete Curse History" to your notes. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 322


A Phantom Servant materializes! 


{combat: PHANTOM SERVANT | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 323


You find a healing fountain that's somehow maintained its purity despite the manor's corruption. 


{action: restore stamina | Your stamina is fully restored} to Initial value. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 324


A Ghoul attacks from a hidden alcove! 


{combat: GHOUL | skill=6 | stamina=6}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 312 | Continue}
Section 325


You reach a landing where the staircase splits into two directions. Both paths lead upward, but one feels colder, more oppressive—that must be where the Widow's presence is strongest. 


Left staircase: Leads toward what sounds like chanting—the cultists performing their ritual. 


Right staircase: Leads toward a chamber from which you feel waves of cold malevolence—probably the Widow's lair. Turn to 378 for the left staircase (cultists)   
Turn to 395 for the right staircase (Widow's chamber)


Section 326


You find a hidden room containing the Hollow family's darkest secrets—journals, letters, and documents that lay bare the full extent of their crimes. 


Reading through them, you piece together the complete story: Mordecai Hollow arranged his daughter's marriage to a noble for political gain. When she refused and married Thomas Ashford instead, Mordecai had Thomas murdered during the ceremony and Eliza's spirit bound with forbidden magic. 


The binding was never meant to be permanent—just long enough for the guilty generation to die in peace, leaving the curse as a problem for future descendants. 


Add "Complete Knowledge of the Curse" to your notes. 


{choice: 388 | Continue}
Section 327


A Shadow emerges! 


{combat: SHADOW | skill=6 | stamina=4}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 328


You discover a blessed chapel that has somehow remained consecrated despite the manor's corruption. The holy atmosphere provides protection and healing. 


{action: +6 stamina | You restore stamina} and 2 LUCK (maximum of Initial scores). 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 329


A Phantom Servant bars your way! 


{combat: PHANTOM SERVANT | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 330


You find a secret armory: 


{item: Silver Dagger | type=weapon | bonus=+2 attack}


Add to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 331


A Skeleton Warrior attacks! 


{combat: SKELETON WARRIOR | skill=6 | stamina=5}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 332


You discover a room filled with wedding gifts from 242 years ago—presents that were never opened, celebrations that never happened, joy that turned to tragedy. The poignancy of it all is overwhelming. 


Among the gifts, you find items of value: 


{item: 50 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} 


{item: Silver Ring | type=treasure} (+1 saves vs undead) 


Add these to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 333


A Ghoul leaps from hiding! 


{combat: GHOUL | skill=6 | stamina=6}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 312 | Continue}
Section 334


You find a journal warning about the final confrontation: 


"To bind the Widow, you need her true name (Eliza Hollow), silver forged for binding (the {item: Silver Key | type=key}), and perfect timing (midnight). Without all three, you'll fail. With all three, speak her name while holding the silver at the stroke of twelve. Only then can her spirit be bound." 


{choice: 378 | Continue}
Section 335


You enter the ballroom, and the scene that greets you is both beautiful and horrifying. Dozens of ghostly figures dance across the marble floor, their movements graceful and precise, their formal attire from centuries past shimmering with spectral light. 


But something is wrong. The dancers never stop, never rest, never speak. Their faces are frozen in expressions that might be joy but look more like rictus grins of terror. They're trapped here, forced to dance eternally, unable to move on to whatever awaits beyond death. 


The music you couldn't hear from outside is audible here—a haunting waltz that seems to come from everywhere and nowhere, played by invisible musicians on instruments that no longer exist. 


Roll one die to see what happens:


On 1: A Phantom Servant attacks! {choice: 302 | Continue}
On 2: A Shadow emerges! {choice: 336 | Continue}
On 3: The floor feels unstable! {choice: 228 | Continue}
On 4: You find a blessed fountain! {choice: 207 | Continue}
On 5: You discover a healing shrine! {choice: 192 | Continue}
On 6: The spirits ignore you. Continue exploring.


Exploration Options:


{choice: 303 | search for a hidden study}


{choice: 64 | try communicating with the ghosts}


{choice: 93 | examine the musicians' gallery}


{choice: 108 | listen to a spectral voice}


{choice: 113 | drink a mysterious potion}


{choice: 120 | pick a locked chest}


{choice: 122 | confront a specter}


{choice: 136 | fight a ghost}


{choice: 154 | search for invisibility potion}


{choice: 159 | witness a ghostly message}


{choice: 166 | find a prayer altar}


{choice: 173 | rest at a prayer room}


{choice: 178 | dodge falling stones}


{choice: 192 | find a blessed shrine}


{choice: 198 | discover a hidden room}


{choice: 207 | drink from a healing fountain}


{choice: 210 | find a {item: Cloak of Protection | type=armor | bonus=+1 defense}}


Move to other areas:


{choice: 301 | return to the main hall}


{choice: 355 | go to the staircase}


{choice: 378 | go to the portrait corridor}


Section 336


A Shadow attacks! 


{combat: SHADOW | skill=6 | stamina=4}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 337


You discover a POTION OF STRENGTH! 


Add to your Adventure Sheet (+2 SKILL for one combat). 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 338


A Phantom Servant blocks the way! 


{combat: PHANTOM SERVANT | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 339


You find a hidden treasure room: 


{item: 100 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} 


{item: Cloak of Protection | type=armor | bonus=+1 defense} (+1 AC, +1 saves) 


Add these to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 340


A Skeleton Warrior guards the passage! 


{combat: SKELETON WARRIOR | skill=6 | stamina=5}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 341


You discover Eliza Hollow's private chambers—the room where she prepared for her wedding 242 years ago. The room is frozen in time: the wedding dress still hangs on a mannequin (though now blood-stained), flowers in vases (long dead but somehow not fully decayed), and a mirror that shows not your reflection but Eliza's face, eternally weeping. 


On her vanity, you find her diary. The final entry, written the morning of her wedding, is heartbreaking: 


"Today I marry Thomas! I've never been happier. Father is angry, but he'll forgive me eventually. How could he not? Thomas is wonderful—kind, gentle, loving. We'll build a beautiful life together. Nothing can stop us now. Today is the first day of forever." 


She had no idea what was coming. 


Add "Eliza's Final Entry" to your notes. 


Search Eliza's chambers further:


{choice: 306 | search her jewelry box}


{choice: 308 | follow the sound of chanting}


{choice: 311 | encounter a ghoul}


{choice: 314 | fight a phantom servant}


{choice: 324 | find a hidden compartment}


{choice: 327 | discover a love letter from Thomas}


{choice: 329 | find a protective charm}


{choice: 330 | discover a blessed mirror}


{choice: 331 | find a journal about the wedding}


{choice: 333 | encounter a ghoul}


{choice: 338 | find a silver hairpin (weapon)}


{choice: 340 | discover a secret passage}


{choice: 342 | fight a ghoul}


{choice: 344 | encounter a shadow}


{choice: 347 | find a healing potion}


{choice: 349 | discover Eliza's wedding vows}


{choice: 352 | find a strength potion}


{choice: 354 | discover a blessing scroll}


{choice: 356 | fight a skeleton warrior}


{choice: 358 | find a protective amulet}


{choice: 359 | discover a ghost}


{choice: 360 | find the wedding guest list}


{choice: 363 | discover a hidden diary}


{choice: 365 | find a {item: Silver Ring | type=treasure}}


{choice: 367 | encounter a specter}


{choice: 369 | find healing supplies}


{choice: 371 | discover binding instructions}


{choice: 372 | find a luck charm}


{choice: 373 | discover a map}


{choice: 376 | find final preparations}


{choice: 379 | fight a shadow}


Proceed to other areas:


{choice: 388 | review what you've learned}


{choice: 378 | go to the wedding chamber}


{choice: 395 | face the Widow}


Section 342


A Ghoul attacks from the shadows! 


{combat: GHOUL | skill=6 | stamina=6}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 312 | Continue}
Section 343


You find a healing shrine. 


{action: +4 stamina | You restore stamina} and 1 LUCK. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 344


A Shadow emerges! 


{combat: SHADOW | skill=6 | stamina=4}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 345


You discover a room filled with children's toys—the nursery where Hollow children once played. Among the toys, you find a hidden compartment containing: 


{item: Amulet of the Grave | type=other} 


This powerful artifact can absorb dark energy and provides significant protection against spectral attacks. +2 to all saves vs undead and spectral creatures. 


This is one of the items needed for the final confrontation! 


Add {item: Amulet of the Grave | type=other} to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 346


You manage to flee from the overwhelming undead assault! Your legs pump furiously as you run through the cemetery, between gravestones, over torn earth, past open graves. The moaning of the undead fades behind you as you put distance between yourself and the monsters. 


You escape with your life, but you're shaken and wounded. You'll need to approach more carefully next time. 


Lose 1 LUCK for fleeing from combat. 


Where will you go to recover? 


{choice: 234 | return to the Mayor's house for healing}


{choice: 45 | try the tavern for rest}


{choice: 1 | regroup at the village entrance}


Section 347


A Phantom Servant materializes! 


{combat: PHANTOM SERVANT | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 348


You find a secret passage that leads to the manor's attic. 


{choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 349


A Skeleton Warrior attacks! 


{combat: SKELETON WARRIOR | skill=6 | stamina=5}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 350


You discover a room that contains the Hollow family's ceremonial weapons, including: {item: Blessed Silver Sword | type=weapon | bonus=+2 skill} 


This weapon adds +2 to SKILL and deals +2 extra damage to undead and spectral creatures. Add {item: Blessed Silver Sword | type=weapon | bonus=+2 skill} to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 351


You discover Thomas Ashford's ghost wandering the manor halls! Unlike the hostile spirits, this ghost seems peaceful, sad rather than angry. When he sees you, he speaks in a voice like wind through reeds: 


"Please... free her. Eliza wasn't meant to become this... this thing of rage and vengeance. She was kind, loving, full of joy. What they did to her, what they made her become... it breaks my heart even in death. I've been waiting for her, but she can't see me through the rage. Please... end her suffering. Let us finally be together." 


The ghost fades, leaving you with a renewed sense of purpose. This isn't just about stopping the curse—it's about freeing two souls who deserve peace. 


{action: +2 luck | You gain luck} for this encounter. Sometimes, even in the darkest places, you find reasons to fight. 


{choice: 388 | Continue}
Section 352


A Shadow attacks! 


{combat: SHADOW | skill=6 | stamina=4}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 353


You find a healing fountain. 


{action: restore stamina | Your stamina is fully restored} to Initial value. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 354


A Phantom Servant blocks your path! 


{combat: PHANTOM SERVANT | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 355


You climb the grand staircase, each step taking you higher into the Spectral Manor and closer to the Widow's domain. The stairs are worn smooth by centuries of use, and they creak ominously under your weight despite their apparent solidity. 


As you ascend, the temperature drops dramatically. Your breath mists in the frigid air, and frost forms on the bannister beneath your hand. The walls become more translucent, more ghostly, until you can see through them into rooms that exist in multiple times simultaneously. 


Roll one die to see what you encounter on the stairs:


On 1: A Shadow attacks! {choice: 317 | Continue}
On 2: A Skeleton Warrior blocks the way! {choice: 320 | Continue}
On 3: A Phantom Servant materializes! {choice: 322 | Continue}
On 4: You find a secret passage! {choice: 318 | Continue}
On 5: You discover Thomas Ashford's ghost! {choice: 351 | Continue}
On 6: The stairs are clear. Continue.


At the top of the stairs, you find yourself in a long hallway with multiple doors and passages.


Main Destinations:


Turn to 341 for the master bedroom (soft weeping)


Turn to 378 for the wedding chamber (bloodstains visible)


Turn to 395 for the Widow's lair (waves of cold malevolence)


Additional Rooms to Explore:


{choice: 310 | read a family diary}


{choice: 316 | find another journal entry}


{choice: 319 | search a storage room}


{choice: 321 | explore the library}


{choice: 323 | find a healing fountain}


{choice: 325 | reach a landing where stairs split}


{choice: 328 | find a blessed chapel}


{choice: 334 | discover warning journal}


{choice: 337 | find a potion of strength}


{choice: 343 | find a healing shrine}


{choice: 348 | discover a secret passage to attic}


{choice: 353 | find another healing fountain}


{choice: 357 | find supply cache}


{choice: 361 | find a blessed shrine room}


{choice: 364 | find a secret armory}


{choice: 368 | find a healing potion}


{choice: 370 | discover books on spectral binding}


{choice: 374 | enter the room of clocks}


{choice: 377 | find final supplies}


{choice: 380 | pray at final shrine}


Return to lower floors:


{choice: 301 | go back to the main hall}


{choice: 335 | return to the ballroom}


Section 356


A Skeleton Warrior guards the upper hall! 


{combat: SKELETON WARRIOR | skill=6 | stamina=5}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 357


You find a cache of supplies: 


{item: 50 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} 


2 HEALING POTIONS ({action: +4 stamina | You restore stamina} each) 


Add these to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 358


A Ghoul attacks! 


{combat: GHOUL | skill=6 | stamina=6}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 312 | Continue}
Section 359


You discover a journal with final preparations for the binding ritual: 


"Everything is ready. The {item: Silver Key | type=key}, her true name, and midnight—these are the three keys to binding her forever. But remember: she's powerful, cunning, and filled with 242 years of rage. Even with everything prepared, the confrontation will test you to your limits. Be strong. Be brave. And may whatever gods still watch over us grant you success." 


{choice: 378 | Continue}
Section 360


A Shadow emerges! 


{combat: SHADOW | skill=6 | stamina=4}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 361


You find a blessed shrine room. 


{action: +6 stamina | You restore stamina} and 2 LUCK (maximum of Initial scores). 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 362


You stand before the Widow without the necessary items to bind her properly! 


Without the {item: Silver Key | type=key}, without knowing her TRUE NAME, or without proper understanding of the binding ritual, you're attempting to face one of the most powerful vengeful spirits in existence with no way to permanently defeat her. 


The Widow materializes before you in all her terrible glory—a tall figure in a blood-stained wedding dress, her face hidden beneath a torn veil, her hands ending in spectral claws. The temperature plummets. Your breath forms ice crystals in the air. 


"You DARE face me?" her voice echoes from everywhere, filled with rage and anguish. "You come to stop my vengeance with nothing but courage and steel? Foolish mortal. Join my army of the dead!" 


She raises her hands, and three Shadows tear themselves from the darkness to attack you. You must fight them all while she watches, gathering her power for the killing blow. 


SHADOW 1: SKILL 6 | STAMINA 4 


SHADOW 2: SKILL 6 | STAMINA 4 


SHADOW 3: SKILL 5 | STAMINA 3 


Each Shadow's wound permanently reduces your SKILL by 1. 


If you somehow defeat all three Shadows: 


The Widow herself attacks! But without the proper binding tools, you cannot truly defeat her—only delay her. 


THE WIDOW (Weakened by missing tools) 


SKILL 10 STAMINA 12 


If you reduce her to 0 STAMINA: She dissipates with a scream of rage... but you know it's temporary. Without proper binding, she'll reform. The curse continues. The village remains doomed. 


You've achieved a temporary victory at best. The Widow will return, perhaps stronger than before. 


INCOMPLETE VICTORY 


You've driven back the Widow temporarily, but without the {item: Silver Key | type=key} and her true name, you couldn't bind her spirit permanently. The curse will return, perhaps within days, certainly within weeks. 


Hollow's End remains doomed to eventual destruction. 


THE END (Partial Victory)


Section 363


A Phantom Servant attacks! 


{combat: PHANTOM SERVANT | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Fight!   
If you win: {choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 364


You find a secret armory: 


{item: +1 Mace | type=weapon | bonus=+1 skill} (especially effective vs skeletons) 


Add to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 365


A Skeleton Warrior blocks the way! 


{combat: SKELETON WARRIOR | skill=6 | stamina=5}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 366


You discover a room containing ancient weapons and armor from the Hollow family's martial history. Among them: ENCHANTED SHIELD 


This shield provides +1 to all defensive rolls and offers protection against spectral attacks. Add ENCHANTED SHIELD to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 367


A Ghoul leaps from hiding! 


{combat: GHOUL | skill=6 | stamina=6}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 312 | Continue}
Section 368


You find a healing potion! 


Add HEALING POTION to your Adventure Sheet (restores 6 STAMINA). 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 369


A Shadow attacks! 


{combat: SHADOW | skill=6 | stamina=4}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 370


You discover a library containing books on spectral binding. Reading through them grants you additional knowledge: {action: +1 luck | You gain luck} for gaining deeper understanding of the ritual. 


{choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 371


A Phantom Servant materializes! 


{combat: PHANTOM SERVANT | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 335 | Continue}
Section 372


You find a cache of gold: 


{item: 75 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} 


Add to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 373


A Skeleton Warrior attacks! 


{combat: SKELETON WARRIOR | skill=6 | stamina=5}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 374


You discover a room filled with clocks—dozens of them, all stopped at exactly midnight. The significance is clear: midnight is when everything will be decided. 


Among the clocks, you find a functioning timepiece that shows the current time. According to it, midnight is approaching fast. You have perhaps an hour, maybe less. 


Add "Time Until Midnight: Less than 1 hour" to your notes. 


The urgency presses down on you. You must hurry! 


{choice: 378 | Continue}
Section 375


You find the manor's chapel, surprisingly well-preserved. At the altar rests: 


{item: Holy Symbol | type=other} 


This blessed item provides +2 to all saves vs undead and +1 to the binding ritual. 


Add {item: Holy Symbol | type=other} to your Adventure Sheet. 


{choice: 301 | Continue}
Section 376


A Ghoul attacks from the darkness! 


{combat: GHOUL | skill=6 | stamina=6}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 312 | Continue}
Section 377


You find a final cache of supplies before the confrontation: 


{item: Potion of Strength | type=potion | bonus=+2 skill} 


2 HEALING POTIONS ({action: +4 stamina | You restore stamina} each) 


Add these to your Adventure Sheet. 


This is it. You're as prepared as you'll ever be. 


Turn to 395 when you're ready for the final confrontation.


Section 378


You enter the wedding chamber—the room where Thomas Ashford was murdered 242 years ago, where Eliza's joy turned to horror in an instant, where the curse began. 


The room is frozen in that terrible moment. White flowers still stand in their vases, now gray with age but somehow not fully dead. The altar where Thomas and Eliza stood together remains, its white marble stained with blood that never faded. Overturned chairs mark where guests fled in panic. Broken glass from champagne glasses litters the floor. 


And in the center of it all, you see the ghostly replay: Thomas falling, blood spreading, Eliza screaming, armed men advancing. The scene plays over and over, trapped in an endless loop of tragedy. 


On the altar, partially hidden by spectral blood, you find something crucial: 


ELIZA'S WEDDING RING 


The ring Thomas gave her, still resting where it fell 242 years ago. It glows with faint light—true love never fully dies, even when corrupted by rage. Add ELIZA'S WEDDING RING to your Adventure Sheet (+2 to binding ritual, +1 LUCK). 


Additional discoveries in this chamber:


{choice: 14 | search the altar's hidden compartment (Widow's true name)}


{choice: 25 | try reasoning with the ghostly scene}


{choice: 29 | recall what you know about silver binding}


{choice: 37 | examine cult artifacts}


{choice: 73 | find a wounded villager}


{choice: 99 | search for hidden documents}


{choice: 139 | find a crumpled ritual note}


{choice: 141 | find the Mayor's father's diary}


{choice: 175 | read a torn page about midnight}


{choice: 188 | find another journal entry}


{choice: 200 | read a warning note}


{choice: 229 | find a diary about the curse}


{choice: 247 | find timing information}


{choice: 175 | discover crucial timing documents}


{choice: 281 | investigate a shrine with offerings}


{choice: 285 | read about the binding weakening}


Proceed to other areas:


{choice: 395 | proceed to the Widow's lair (final confrontation)}


{choice: 355 | continue exploring upstairs}


{choice: 388 | review everything you've learned}


{choice: 301 | return to the main hall}


Section 379


A Shadow emerges! 


{combat: SHADOW | skill=6 | stamina=4}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 355 | Continue}
Section 380


You find a blessed shrine where you can pray one final time before the confrontation. 


{action: restore stamina | Your stamina is fully restored} to Initial value and {action: +2 luck | You gain luck} (maximum of Initial scores). 


This is your last chance to prepare. Once you face the Widow, there's no turning back. 


Turn to 395 when ready.


Section 381


A Phantom Servant blocks the final passage! 


{combat: PHANTOM SERVANT | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 395 | Continue}
Section 382


You discover a final journal entry, written recently—perhaps by a previous adventurer who failed: 


"I came so close. I had the {item: Silver Key | type=key}. I knew her name. But I hesitated at the crucial moment, and the Widow destroyed me. To whoever finds this: don't hesitate. When you speak her true name while holding the silver at midnight, COMMIT to it. Any doubt, any weakness, and she'll break free. Be strong. Be certain. And may you succeed where I failed." 


{action: +1 luck | You gain luck} for this final piece of wisdom. 


{choice: 395 | Continue}
Section 383


A Skeleton Warrior guards the entrance to the Widow's lair! 


{combat: SKELETON WARRIOR | skill=6 | stamina=5}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 395 | Continue}
Section 384


You find a {item: Potion of Luck | type=potion | restore=+3 luck}! 


Add 3 to your LUCK (maximum of Initial LUCK +2). 


{choice: 395 | Continue}
Section 385


A Ghoul attacks—one final guardian before the Widow! 


{combat: GHOUL | skill=6 | stamina=6}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 395 | Continue}
Section 386


You find Thomas Ashford's ghost one final time. He looks at you with hope in his eyes: 


"You're ready. I can feel it. Please... save her. Save us both. We've waited so long to be together." 


{action: +2 luck | You gain luck} for this blessing. 


{choice: 395 | Continue}
Section 387


A Shadow attacks! 


{combat: SHADOW | skill=6 | stamina=4}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 395 | Continue}
Section 388


You take a moment to review everything you've learned about the curse: 


THE CURSE OF HOLLOW'S END - Complete History: 


242 years ago, Eliza Hollow married Thomas Ashford against her father's wishes. Mordecai Hollow wanted Eliza to marry a noble for political gain. During the wedding ceremony, Mordecai's men murdered Thomas before the altar. They then used forbidden necromancy to bind Eliza's spirit with silver chains, preventing her from seeking justice even in death. 


The binding was designed to last only one generation—long enough for the guilty to die in peace. But it was never meant to be permanent. Each generation, the binding weakened. Now, 242 years later, it has failed completely. 


To bind the Widow permanently, you need: 


1. {item: Silver Key | type=key} (for physical binding) 


2. HER TRUE NAME: ELIZA HOLLOW (for spiritual authority) 


3. MIDNIGHT TIMING (for maximum power) 


Before the final confrontation, you may:


{choice: 137 | search for additional healing supplies}


{choice: 138 | find a hidden weapon cache}


{choice: 140 | discover a protective ward}


{choice: 146 | find a strength potion}


{choice: 147 | locate a luck charm}


{choice: 148 | discover a journal about fighting spirits}


{choice: 150 | find silver ammunition}


{choice: 153 | search for a shield}


{choice: 157 | find a {item: Cloak of Shadows | type=other}}


{choice: 160 | discover boots of speed}


{choice: 161 | find a ring of protection}


{choice: 163 | locate a blessed weapon}


{choice: 167 | find gauntlets of strength}


{choice: 168 | discover a helm of clarity}


{choice: 169 | find an amulet of life}


{choice: 170 | search for final provisions}


{choice: 179 | find a scroll of banishment}


{choice: 181 | discover a potion of invulnerability}


{choice: 183 | find holy water}


{choice: 185 | locate silver dust}


{choice: 186 | find a prayer of protection}


{choice: 187 | discover binding chains}


{choice: 193 | find a ghost-speaking amulet}


{choice: 194 | locate a spirit trap}


{choice: 197 | find a soul anchor}


{choice: 199 | discover final secrets}


{choice: 381 | pray at a shrine}


{choice: 382 | rest before battle}


{choice: 383 | sharpen your weapons}


{choice: 384 | review combat tactics}


{choice: 385 | meditate for clarity}


{choice: 386 | check your equipment}


{choice: 387 | say a final prayer}


{choice: 389 | face a guardian spirit}


{choice: 390 | find a healing fountain}


When ready for the final battle:


{choice: 395 | face the Widow}


Section 389


A Phantom Servant materializes! 


{combat: PHANTOM SERVANT | skill=7 | stamina=6}
Fight! 


If you win: {choice: 395 | Continue}
Section 390


You find a final healing fountain. 


{action: restore stamina | Your stamina is fully restored} and LUCK to Initial values. 


This is it. No more preparation. The Widow awaits. 


{choice: 395 | Continue}
SECTION 391-394 


[Reserved for additional encounters or paths] 


Turn to 395 for the final confrontation.


Section 395


You push open the massive doors to the Widow's lair, and the temperature plummets instantly. Your breath forms ice crystals that fall like snow. The chamber beyond is vast—the manor's grand ballroom, now transformed into the heart of darkness itself. 


The Widow stands in the center of the room, waiting for you. She's terrible and beautiful in equal measure—a tall figure in a wedding dress stained with 242 years of blood. Her face is hidden beneath a torn veil, but you can feel her hollow eyes fixed upon you with recognition and rage. 


"So," her voice echoes from everywhere and nowhere, layered with the screams of the dead, "another fool comes to stop me. Another hero seeking to prevent my righteous vengeance. Do you know what they did to me? Do you know what I suffered?" 


You can see the pain beneath the rage, the human woman trapped inside the monster. 


"I was going to be HAPPY!" she shrieks, her form expanding, becoming more terrible. "I was going to have a LIFE! They murdered my husband! They CHAINED my spirit! They left me in darkness for TWO HUNDRED AND FORTY-TWO YEARS! And you... you dare try to imprison me again?" 


Three Shadows tear themselves from the darkness, manifestations of her rage. They rush toward you, cold and terrible. Do you have the {item: Silver Key | type=key} and know her TRUE NAME (Eliza Hollow)? 


If YES - you have both: Continue below for the proper binding ritual. 


If NO - you're missing one or both: Turn to 362 (incomplete confrontation). 


THE PROPER BINDING RITUAL: 


You hold up the {item: Silver Key | type=key} with one hand while your other hand clutches whatever protective amulets you carry to your chest. Drawing upon every ounce of courage and strength you possess, you shout with absolute authority: 


"ELIZA HOLLOW! I bind you by your true name, by this silver seal forged for spirit-binding, and by the ancient laws that govern the dead! Your curse ends TONIGHT!" 


The effect is immediate and dramatic. 


The Widow freezes in mid-air, her spectral form rippling as if struck by invisible force. Her hollow eyes widen with shock, recognition, and—could it be?—hope. The {item: Silver Key | type=key} blazes with brilliant white light so bright you must squint. 


Chains of pure silver energy materialize from the very air, wrapping around the Widow's form like ethereal rope. Each chain blazes with the same white light as the key. 


"NO!" she wails, but her voice is different now—less rage, more desperation. "Not again! I will have my REVENGE!" But her power is failing. The three Shadows dissipate like smoke. The temperature begins to rise. 


Test your LUCK:   
If Lucky: Turn to 400 (COMPLETE VICTORY!) 


If Unlucky: The binding wavers! You must fight the Widow herself before the ritual can complete. 


{combat: THE WIDOW | skill=11 | stamina=15}
Special: Wail of the Forsaken - At combat start, Test Luck or reduce SKILL by 2 for entire battle. Spectral Form - Immune to normal weapons (must have magical weapon). 


If you win: Turn to 400 (VICTORY!) 


SECTION 396-399 


[These sections can lead to various outcomes or alternative paths to Section 400] 


The paths converge. All roads lead to the final moment. 


{choice: 400 | Continue}
Section 400


COMPLETE VICTORY!


You continue speaking the name with absolute conviction, each repetition strengthening the binding: "Eliza Hollow. Eliza Hollow. ELIZA HOLLOW!" 


The {item: Amulet of the Grave | type=other} (if you found it) glows warm against your chest, absorbing the dark energy that flows from the Widow like poison being drawn from a wound. Each strand of rage, each thread of vengeance, is pulled into the amulet and neutralized. 


With each repetition of her name, the silver chains grow brighter and tighter. The Widow's form begins to change before your eyes: 


The blood staining her dress fades 


Her hollow eyes fill with color—beautiful hazel eyes that once sparkled with life 


Her rage-twisted features soften, returning to the beauty she possessed in life 


Her clawed hands become delicate fingers


"Eliza," you say one final time, but gently now, with compassion rather than command. 


She shimmers, becoming more translucent, more peaceful. For just a moment, you see her as she truly was: a beautiful young woman on her wedding day, smiling with pure joy. 


A single tear rolls down her cheek, leaving a trail of silver light. 


"Thank you," she whispers, her voice no longer the inhuman wail that chilled your blood. It's simply the voice of a woman who has been in pain for too long. "Thank you for remembering my name. Thank you for setting me free." 


"Where is Thomas?" she asks, looking around as if seeing clearly for the first time in centuries. 


And then she sees him. 


A second ghostly form materializes—Thomas Ashford, waiting patiently for 242 years, ready to finally take his bride's hand. He wears wedding clothes that are no longer stained with blood, and his eyes are filled with love. 


Eliza's face transforms with joy so pure it hurts to witness. She reaches out, and Thomas takes her hand. Where their fingers touch, golden light blooms—warm light that fills the room and drives away every shadow. 


"My love," she breathes. "You waited." 


"Forever," he replies. "I would have waited forever." 


The chains binding Eliza shatter into a thousand motes of silver light that float upward like fireflies ascending to heaven. But she doesn't attack. She simply stands there, holding Thomas's hand, looking into his eyes with all the love that death could not destroy. 


Together, they begin to fade. 


"Peace," Eliza whispers, looking back at you. "I can finally find peace. Tell them... tell the people of Hollow's End... I forgive them. Life is too short, and death too long, for hatred." 


And then they're gone. 


The manor shudders and groans. The walls begin to crumble—the entire structure was being held together by the Widow's rage. Now that she's at peace, the building is finally succumbing to its 242 years of abandonment.   
You run through collapsing corridors, down crumbling stairs, across floors that fall away into darkness. You burst through the front doors just as the entire structure implodes behind you, collapsing into rubble and dust. 


You tumble down the steps and roll to a stop in the overgrown garden, gasping for breath. 


And then you notice: the sky is lightening. Dawn is breaking. 


The first golden rays of sunrise paint the sky in shades of pink and orange and gold. It's the most beautiful sunrise you've ever seen, made more beautiful by the simple fact that you're alive to see it. 


Down in the cemetery, you watch the undead collapsing. Zombies fall back into their graves. Ghouls dissolve to dust. Skeletal warriors crumble to bones. The curse has been lifted. 


After 242 years, Hollow's End is finally free. 


THE AFTERMATH: 


You make your way back to the village square on trembling legs. Doors begin to open. People emerge into the morning light, blinking like prisoners released from dark cells. 


They see you—covered in dust and blood, holding a {item: Silver Key | type=key} that still glows faintly—and they understand. The curse has been broken. 


A cheer erupts from the crowd. Children run into the streets for the first time in weeks. Adults embrace each other, weeping with relief. An old woman falls to her knees in prayer. 


Mayor Aldric Hollow rushes from his house, his daughter Lydia at his side (safe, if you rescued her). Both are weeping openly. 


"You did it!" the Mayor cries. "The curse that has haunted my family for five generations is finally broken! The sin has been forgiven! Hollow's End is FREE!" 


The entire village celebrates with a feast that lasts all day. As guest of honor, you're seated at the head of the table. YOU RECEIVE: 


{item: 500 Gold Pieces | type=treasure} from the village treasury 


{item: +1 Longsword | type=weapon | bonus=+1 skill} (if you don't already have a magical weapon) 


{item: Cloak of Protection | type=armor | bonus=+1 defense} (if you don't already have it) 


POTION OF GREATER HEALING (restores all STAMINA) 


The eternal gratitude of everyone in Hollow's End 


"You will always have a home here," Aldric says, raising his glass. "Free food, free lodging, free drinks, for as long as you live. You saved us. You saved my daughter. You ended the curse that has haunted my family since before my grandfather's grandfather was born. We can never repay this debt, but we will spend the rest of our lives trying." 


As evening approaches and you prepare to depart, you take a moment to reflect: 


You faced undead horrors that would have broken lesser warriors. You navigated deadly catacombs filled with traps and monsters. You battled cultists who served darkness. You pieced together a mystery spanning 242 years. You defeated a malevolent spirit that had grown so powerful she could raise armies of the dead. 


But most importantly, you brought peace to a wronged soul and forgiveness to a cursed family. 


The darkness has been vanquished. The Widow has found rest with her beloved. The innocent people of Hollow's End can finally live without fear. 


You shoulder your pack, now heavier with treasure and magical items, and set off toward new adventures. Behind you, villagers wave and cheer, calling blessings upon the hero who saved them. 


YOUR ADVENTURE IS COMPLETE! 


YOU HAVE ACHIEVED TOTAL VICTORY! 


FINAL SCORE CALCULATION 


Calculate your Hero Score: 


Remaining STAMINA + Remaining LUCK + (Total Gold ÷ 10) = Your Hero Score 


Hero Rankings: 


50+: Legendary Hero - Songs will be sung of your deeds 


40-49: Masterful Adventurer - Your name will be remembered 


30-39: Skilled Survivor - You have proven your worth  
20-29: Lucky Wanderer - You survived by wit and fortune 


10-19: Barely Made It - Victory, but at great cost 


Below 10: Pyrrhic Victory - You won, but paid dearly 


THANK YOU FOR PLAYING! 


Thank you for experiencing THE CURSE OF HOLLOW'S END! 


The choices you made, the battles you fought, and the mysteries you unraveled created a unique story that only you can tell. Whether this was your first attempt or your tenth, you experienced an adventure that tested your courage, challenged your mind, and hopefully entertained you. 


Will you try again? 


Can you find alternative paths through the catacombs? 


Can you discover all secret items and hidden rooms? 


Can you achieve victory with a higher score? 


Can you complete the adventure without losing any STAMINA? 


The Curse of Hollow's End contains hundreds of paths, dozens of secrets, and multiple ways to reach victory. 


The village of Hollow's End thanks you for your service. 


May your future adventures be equally memorable. 


THE END